I'm 20 and this summer my anxiety got really bad. I finally said fuck this and got help. I think I'm finally on the right medication (Zoloft) and I haven't needed my emergency Ativan in weeks (used to need it every day just to get out of bed). I'm doing CBT and trying self help stuff such as changing my diet, reading books, deep breathing, kava, and meditation. However there's still a lot I can't do and it makes me feel bad.

I work 20 hours a week at a retail fashion store as a manager, which I love everything about, but some days I still come very close to calling out and I'm always afraid I will have to quit. I'm basically failing 3 classes at college and I'm working on medically withdrawing but that makes me feel like a wimp. What if I can never work a full time job (used to be a workaholic)? There are so many jobs I look at and would enjoy but I know they will make my anxiety worse so I feel bad that I can't do that. I still haven't been on a date in months and stuff like the dentist that used to be easy, now seems impossible. 

I have a problem of comparing myself to other people, especially from the past. I'm a big history guy and I look at stuff like WWI soldiers, how the heck did they do all that and I don't even want to leave the house some days? My uncle was a marine and worked his whole life and I can't even go to college full time? My dream is to work as a psych tech and eventually psych nurse to help people with mental illnesses, but if I can't even help myself how will I get that job?

I just feel bad and that I will now always be this way. Could use some help. I feel like such a wimp because there are so many things I can't do right now. Will I always be this way?One of the most troubling issues with anxiety is the constant flow of intrusive and unwanted thoughts in our minds. They flow with such force that it seems unstoppable.

Most often, these are thoughts that can range from mildly unpleasant to utterly scary! When I was in the throes of anxiety, my mind would be beset by the same intrusive thoughts every day. I would constantly think 'Am I going insane?' While another part of me would wonder 'Will it always be like this?'

Sometimes, the thoughts won't even make any sense. It would be nonsensical. Just a fusion of unrelated words and concepts traveling at lightning speed inside my head.

It felt overwhelming and as if this wasn't enough already, I would have music stuck in my head all the time. Sometimes, it would play awful top 40 songs that I would never explicitly choose to listen to otherwise!

If you are suffering from OCD thoughts, do not worry! You are not alone. We can learn how to make them go away. OCD, which stands for *Obsessive Compulsive Disorder* is when we have, among other things, an obsession with certain thought patterns and feel a compulsive urge to do something about it.

In most cases, that something we do is to find different ways to distract our attention away from such thoughts. We switch on the TV, put on our headphones and listen to music or keep checking our mobile phones regularly. This may provide some relief, but often, these thoughts almost always return.

A cure always starts with an understanding. Once you understand why your mind is riddled with unwanted or intrusive thoughts, you'll be able to make them go away. It usually won't happen overnight, but with patience and understanding, your mind will eventually learn to rest, and the intrusive thoughts will be extinguished.

**Mind Agitated**

Anxiety is a state where our mind is never at rest. It is constantly fired up. Even when we feel like we are resting for a few minutes, we are hyper vigilant in the background and scan for internal and external threats.

Because of the mind-body connection, when we are in this mental state, our body starts to produce adrenaline in excess. When there is excessive adrenaline, it starts to affect the way we think.

Adrenaline agitates the mind. When we are in danger, we need to think and act fast. The mind feels energized and spends this excess energy by firing off many thoughts that are aimed to tackle the threat. But when there is no immediate outside threat, as it is mostly the case with the vast majority of people with anxiety (how often do we encounter a hungry lion on our daily commute?), the adrenaline powered mind starts to fire off thoughts as a way to expend the excess mental energy.

But when there is no immediate outside threat, as it is mostly the case with the vast majority of people with anxiety (how often do we encounter a hungry lion on our daily commute?), the adrenaline powered mind starts to fire off thoughts as a way to expend the excess mental energy.

What happens now is that we start fighting or try to run away from these dreadful and intrusive thoughts. This creates additional stress, which produces more adrenaline. Remember, the amount of adrenaline secreted in your body is directly related to your stress level. This excess adrenaline, when it reaches the brain, energizes the mind even more and the cycle thus perpetually continues.

**An Analogy**
By nature, water in a bowl is still. Our mind is similar, such that when we are healthy, it remains still and takes care of the essential functions of day to day activities. Stress-induced adrenaline is similar to dropping a stone in a bowl of still water. When the stone is dropped into the water, you'll start to see ripples on the surface of the water.

The drop of this stone has energized the water, which now creates ripples to expend that excess energy so that it can come to stillness once again. As long as we keep dropping the stones or disturbing the water, there will always be ripples on its surface. The more energy we apply to it, the bigger the ripples are. This is similar to what happens in our head. With more and more adrenaline being pumped in, our mind tries to spend this excess energy in the form of thoughts (just like the ripples on the water's surface).

By understanding this mechanism we can now come to a solution. To stop these unwanted or intrusive thoughts, we need to stop adding more stress into the mix. We need to break this adrenaline-thought cycle.

**Breaking the cycle**

The easiest way to break this adrenaline-thought cycle is to stop the adrenaline from being secreted over and over again. You do that by letting your body and mind know that these thoughts are not a threat.

When we experience intrusive or unwanted OCD thoughts, our first instinct is to fight them or try to run away from them. This is why we try to distract ourselves in myriad different ways or keep fighting such intrusive thoughts.

When we fight or try to flee from the thoughts of our minds we are sending a signal to the body that we are facing a threat. By doing so, we add stress to the body and mind. Our mind cannot hide from or fight itself. Doing so only produces additional stress. This additional stress produces more adrenaline, which keeps these thoughts going.

On the other hand, when we stop fighting and instead of running away from such thoughts, remain internally steady, we send a signal to our body that the current situation is not a threat and that it can stop producing the excess adrenaline. When this adrenaline stops, the mind stops becoming agitated. This leads to the eventual extinction of intrusive and unwanted OCD thoughts.

Next time, when you have such thoughts, try to face them. Know that they are just excess mental energy and that they cannot do you any harm.

The nature of your mind is to return to stillness just like water. By letting these intrusive thoughts come and go as they wish and not fighting them, you are not considering them as a threat. When this happens, the body learns to stop secreting additional adrenaline in your blood.

Over time, the mind spends all of its excessive energy and returns to a place of stillness and stops producing these automatic unwanted thoughts.

One piece of caution is that this practice requires patience. Do not expect these intrusive and unwanted thoughts to stop immediately. It takes weeks or even months for the adrenaline in your bloodstream to return to normal levels. Give your body and mind all the time it needs to return to the healthy stillness which is their true nature.
A way to stop unwanted and intrusive thoughtsAre you a worrier? Find out which anxiety disorder ails youI don't have much to say, mostly because the drug is working and anxiety that made life unliveable seems to be a lifetime ago, but a year ago I made a post titled how lexapro is saving my life....well, if lexapro is saving my life, then Paxil is saving the entire world......amazing drugPaxil &lt;3I like this guy who seems super shy. Often sits alone when eating and looks down when walking. I would like to at least be friends with him. I had the opportunity to talk to him on Monday, but my anxiety is already bad enough. I could barely eat my lunch and later I felt like throwing up. 

I don't know which is the bigger factor in my anxiety: Me saying something stupid and fucking everything up, or what he'd think of me. I have the opportunity to try again today during lunchtime. I just want to go forward with it without stammering or feeling sick.Anxiety when it comes to my crushI've been taking prozac for anxiety and depression for a few weeks now, up to 60mg for the last week, and I feel like it is really starting to help me overall.

But at the same time, I've noticed its become harder and harder for me to get an erection. I started to have this problem before I took the pills as well, due to the anxiety, but now I don't really feel any sex drive at all.

Does anyone else have any experience with this? Does it wear off eventually? One of the reasons I'm on prozac is because I was depressed over my lack of sexual experience.Prozac and sexual arousalCouple days ago, I drove for 7 hours with barely any sleep at night in the rain. It's just hitting me hard of how dumb that is and how things could've gone wrong. I can't stop thinking about the "what if's". To make it worse, my little brother was in the car too so I'm super anxious and blaming myself as to why did I even do this and put him through the risk as well. I can't stop thinking about it for the past 5 days now. :(


Any help or feedback please?Anxious about past event [I can't stop thinking about it]I didn't tell my super amazing and understanding doctor I was unhappy with Citalopram because it killed my sex drive and my orgasm, I just didn't go back to get the prescription refilled. What a dumb thing to do. On the one hand, my sex drive/life is like it used to be and I didn't get any physical withdrawal effects, but I definitely feel like my 'old self' again; snappy, stressed about nothing/everything, irritable with people I care about. 

I knew the meds had helped even me out but I didn't realise how much, or maybe it's just more apparent now because I know how calm and collected I *can* be. I need to tell my SO that I was on an SSRI for anxiety/depression for the first few months of our relationship and I was faking the big O because of it, but I don't know what to say. I've booked an appointment with my Doctor so I can admit that I've fucked this up and get it sorted somehow. I just needed a little rant because it took me so long to pluck up the courage to get that far in the first place and I am so mad with myself for going backwards! Why are we our own worst enemies?

Thank you for reading, lovely Redditors.I am so mad at myselfLately I keep thinking my boyfriend likes a co worker. He hasn't done anything to make me feel like he does like her. I just keep overthinking it and it's stressing me out and causing me so much anxiety. Does anyone else do this?Anxiety getting the best of me and my relationshipI am filtering all my anxiety in my life by being obsessed with religion.  Just obsessed.  I've read forty books this year and almost all on religion.  I listen to lectures on religion.  I read articles.  I'm just obsessed with it because it's quite a comforting outlet in some ways for my anxiety, but at the same time it causes more anxiety in this quest to find "true" religion.  

I am so socially anxious religion is a good outlet for me.  There's no expectation I initiate relationships, date, have sex, break up, and in fact most religions say you can't do stuff like this.  I've never had a relationship, kissed or had sex and I am almost twenty.  

I just needed to rant.Dealing with anxiety be becoming obsessed with religionCan I please hear some experiences? I'm super nervous that it'll make me feel awful or gain 50lbs (I'm already 204lbs!). Can I hear some GOOD experiences to outweigh the negatives in my brain? Just started Paxil for anxiety and panic attacks. Freaking out a bit!I tried to open up to my mom about my anxiety and she started asking if I'm faking it at all and it hurt. Even worse she blamed my QPP for it. My anxiety manifested in April of 2015 and it was because my phone was acting up when he was venting to me and when my phone was working again he wasn't responding so I started to panic and thought I did something wrong. I didn't obviously but my anxiety remained. 

My QPP and I have been arguing often because I'm clingy and I confide in him. I have this mindset where what I need to talk about has to be talked about NOW and not later or else I won't feel better. This happens a lot when he's at work and he asks me to stop because he's at work and isn't emotionally available but I don't listen to him so then he gets mad and we argue. He tells me he feels like I don't listen to him and nobody listens to him and he does want to help me but for me to understand he's busy and will try and help me when he has time. Whenever we argue we end up saying hurtful things especially him because he tries to get my attention. He's promised he's never meant any of the things he said but i told him you don't have to say things out of left field to get my attention. We had a skype call Sunday talking about this and he says he wants to help me and is trying his best to understand since hes never dealt with someone close to him having anxiety/a mental illness. He also said hes stressed because his dog started wheezing again and in August there was a scare with his dog where he thought he had to put it down and it was really bad. My mom thinks that because my manifestation of my anxiety was a situation involving him it was because of him even though it wasn't even his fault or my fault. My anxiety was just triggered by that. We've been through a lot and my dependence on him isn't healthy and I'm trying to me more independent and manage my anxiety on my own but it's hard. I treated him like he was my personal therapist because he was originally there for me when my anxiety acted up and tried to help me when my intrusive thoughts appeared. We've been through a lot together and I don't want to lose him. 

My mom threatened to disconnect my phone and to never let me talk to my QPP again. She doesn't understand how important he is to me and how important I am to him and how we need one another. I want to talk to my QPP about this but I feel like he'll be busy today and then I'll feel like im bottling it up. Feeling anxious and sick [Advice Needed]Apologies for the wall of text in advance


I've suffered from depression for over 9 years now but lately have been having severe panic attacks. I dont know how to deal with these as ive never had anything like these before and it scares the shit out of me. The first one came on 2 months ago when my depression was hitting me harder than usual and i decided i needed help. When i started looking for a therapist and even considered telling my parents about what i was feeling i felt my chest tighten like all the breath was being forced out of me and i started to panic and hyperventilate. I couldnt stop myself and ended up passing out on my floor. I didnt end up going through with getting help and this post is the closest thing to it ive ever tried. Ive had 3 anxiety attacks since which im sure doesnt sound like a lot but it absolutely terrifies me and is stopping me from getting the help i think i need. So the reason im making this post in this sub is i want help from people who've dealt with this kind of thing before because i dont know what to do.
Sorry if this doesnt belong in this sub and if it doesnt could someone point me in the right direction?Anxiety/depression has taken over my lifeSo...I have anxiety and agoraphobia. I quit the best job of my life 2 years ago because it got to the point where I could not leave my house in the morning. I would wake up to get ready for work and immediately go into a full blown all guns blazing panic attack. Hysterical sobbing, vomiting, over all feeling of death.

My significant other has reached the end of his rope and has demanded that I go back to work, despite what my therapist has to say about it. He just doesn't seem to understand at all what it's like. Soo...I applied for a couple jobs...wanting to please him and also just so I wouldn't feel like so much of a piece of shit and a waste of life. However..I got called for an interview..which went very well (though I had a good amount of anxiety during). I was called later that week and offered that job. I accepted because I knew it was what my SO would have wanted. But since then...I have had mind numbing anxiety daily. It's affecting my appetite, my ability to sleep, my desire to be alive. I feel as though it's a bad sign if one genuinely wishes to die instead of actually taking this job. Im in constant crippling fear. I was able to convince them to give me another week before starting. However..I just do not feel like I can do it and I feel like I can't tell anyone, especially my SO. 

My question to you is...What the frick do I do? What would you do? 

I really need some advice.Rather not live than feel this way...It's so hard and I'm kind of hard on myself because when I'm honest with myself I feel like an asshole 

As in I think I am and it's like I don't know how to fix that

I'm tired of trying to be positive all the time and I just wanna say what I wanna say I'm just afraid of judgement and speaking my mindSo I have had social anxiety disorder for more than a decade now. I'm now a freshman in college and I really want to bond with my roommate. I haven't talked much to him except when the conversation is necessary. Because of that we haven't really gotten to know each other well and he always goes to other peoples rooms to hang out. I know the lack of communication and bonding is at my fault so in the past few days I've decided to talk to him about my issue (how I'm shy and that I'm sorry and whatnot) but every time when we're in the room and he's doing his stuff, there's like a force that tightens the muscles of my mouth. I feel so nervous and fail every time. I really want to overcome my anxiety and start to live a healthy and normal social life. Please give me some advice...Nervous about talking to my roommateAnyone else have problems with your fears hijacking your daydreams? Have any of you been able to do anything about it?Uncontrollable Nightmarish DaydreamsIt's easier to show people your report card than admit to someone that your life's in the shithole and you need help.

I can't admit I'm not okay. I wish my life and grades reflected that, but on the outside I appear completely normal and functioning. I want to scream out I need help, but it's like I go mute whenever I'm forced to talk about my emotions.

This is random but it reminds me of this reoccurring nightmare I had as a child. Where I would be trapped in a  situation where someone would be manipulating me and messing with me but I was immobile and couldn't speak at all. And when I did speak all I could manage were incoherent syllables. I had nightmares every night as a kid, but these were the ones I dreaded the most. I wish I was getting poor gradesHi all.

My 10 year old has recently been diagnosed with GAD. Since the start of her school year it has been through the roof. As a parent, it has been all consuming, but I see her suffer everyday and I just want to help her so bad. 

She sees a psychologist once every other week, and I'm thinking of changing that to weekly sessions soon, but I'm not sure if I want to empty our insurance coverage that quickly. She has meditation podcasts she listens to on occasion, is an expert in breathing and progressive relaxation techniques. 

I'm just looking for more ideas and thoughts on how to best support her. Homework, going to school seems to be the bigger issue, but she can always find something to be anxious about and it affects her daily. Ideas? TIAWhat would have helped you when you were younger?Like many of you, I am sure, I suffer from relentless intrusive thoughts. Sometimes they are gross or dark. Sometimes I can push them away and sometimes I can't.

To try to cope with them I've read about reminding myself that I won't act on them. I don't actually have a desire to throw the baby out the car window, and I never will. These are unwelcome intrusive thoughts, and are not part of my personality. 

Thanks to this kind of mindfulness training, recently I had a breakthrough. A hundred times a day I find myself pushing away thoughts which are much more common. Some examples:

If I do something well, I'll pat myself on the back, then I'll beat myself up for arrogance. These are also intrusive thoughts. In reality I'm an okay judge of myself.

If my coworker does something annoying I'll think about what a horrible lazy idiot they are. Then I'll beat myself up for being a judgmental hypocrite. These are also intrusive thoughts. In reality I respect my coworkers and treat them with respect.

When I play the tape of every shitty or embarrassing thing I've ever done, these are also intrusive thoughts. In reality I am a complex human with good qualities and bad qualities that I've worked to improve.


Recognizing more subtle intrusive thoughts has been transformative for me because they are so insidious. As long as I don't act on them, they aren't part of who I truly am, they are part of my anxiety. Anyway, I hope  this rings true for some of you and it brings you some peace."These are also intrusive thoughts."So, I've had anxiety almost my whole life. It started when I was around 5 or 6, in a peculiar way. Whenever I would go into a room and shut the door behind me, I'd be overwhelmed by the fear that when I reopened the door, there would be a million spiders waiting for me on the other side.

I'm not sure why I had that fear, considering I wasn't very afraid of spiders beforehand. But as soon as the intrusive thought made its way into my head, it never really left. I'm not exactly scared that spiders will swarm me anymore, because I eventually realized just how unlikely it was to happen. Now I'm simply terrified of bugs and creepy crawlers in general. Though spiders are still my main problems.

I think it's mostly the fact that because they're so small, they can so easily be on my body without me noticing. They can be anywhere. Not to mention how many could be on me in my sleep. Just thinking about it now is making me paranoid.

Usually I only start worrying about it when I've seen a bug in the area I'm in. For example, I've seen four spiders in my bedroom. Each sighting was *extremely* close to my bed, which only made it worse.  This has made me seriously reluctant to sleep in there, as well as to clean it up because I'm so scared of finding tons of bugs.

I guess the reason I'm posting this is because it's gotten a lot worse lately. The other day I saw some type of insect on my pillow as I was about to lay my head on it. It sort of looked like a cricket to me but I don't even know what a cricket looks like, and I'm definitely not about to google it. This has given me so much anxiety that I've taken to sleeping in my mom's bed when she's not home. Only downside is that a house centipede was on her blanket once, so even in her room my guard is up.

I feel so silly worrying about small stuff like this. It's not even like my fear of bugs is my main anxiety; I'd rather face a bug than public speaking or an awkward situation any day. Yet it's enough to make me abandon the comfort of my own room.

I have a therapist appointment for next month and though I might not bring it up in the very first session, I do plan to ask for help on ways cope with my irrational fears. It sucks because I know that there's no point in worrying about bugs, they're always going to exist, and some might make their way into my living space or even my body, and I should just accept that. It's unlikely that any bugs in my area are even capable of harming me. But still, when I see them I go into full panic mode, and just thinking about them can give me an anxiety attack. 

Sorry that this turned into a long vent. I'm still rattled by the sighting of the mysterious cricket like creature, and it's made me think about why I'm scared of bugs in the first place. It also made me curious how many other people have insect related anxiety. I'd love to read other's experiences, as well as coping mechanisms. Thanks so much for reading and have a good night everyone. :-) Anyone else get anxiety over insects?So today had my appointment to see how meds are what are the options bla bla. 
Ive been on medications for 2+ years now going on and off various drugs. None really worked like my doctor and therapist would've wanted...
Now I've been on Effexor for a couple of months now along with another pill that I'm not taking now. 
My dose for Effexor was at 150 and no change at all (might have made my anxiety worse)... My doctor has now increased it to 175 but I really don't want to be on this anymore because I know its not going to work and I rather not increase to just decrease and get off of them with little withdrawal. 
She also wants me to go to CBT therapy but I spent over a year learning everything I could so it really makes no sense to push something I've learnt and use on a daily basis. 

Like I'm getting to the point where my anxiety is so bad it feels like im not even taking pills so why should I? Do I get off of them and risk getting worse to get better or do I keep trying countless meds and hope one works? 

Oh and I'm getting genetically tested to see what medication will work I guess idk. 
I truthfully don't care anymore.Medication problem~ I don't know what to do...Is there an anti anxiety medication I can take only when I feel like I need a little more help? The Zoloft was really good, but I have  trouble with my heart rate on it. 


I should probably call my psychiatrist and tell her about my concerns of the withdrawal issues with Effexor. I stopped taking my Zoloft Saturday....I'm only at 50 mg so I think I'll be okay. I need something like Zoloft, but that doesn't make my heart crazy. Too scared to try effexorShe needed space and my anxiety caused me to get very clingy. She said i was being manipulative. 

And since then i haven't been sober. I've been taking Xanax, adderax, weed and have been drinking the whole time. 

I'm scared but at the same time i wouldn't mind of i took an extra long nap of you know what i meanI'm handling a break up very bad.Hello, I have never posted here before and I'm sorry if this is not the right place or if this is something that's been asked a lot before but I need some help.Sorry if this is scatterbrained.

 I started college in late August and have slowly withdrew from class after class. In the morning I have a midterm in one of the two classes I have left, and I have not attended that class in weeks. Driving to school, walking to class, being surrounded by the people, it's hell. My whole body has pins and needles, I pour sweat very visibly and noticably, I shake and constantly shift around, adjust my clothes, and try to position myself so my face does not look weird. It is exhausting. I couldn't do it anymore so I started withdrawing from classes, at first saying it's because "these two classes are useless to the major I'll be changing to", and then it was "well, this class is just too early and there are 300 people in it, plus I missed a test because I was too anxious to check my email or the calendar, so I might as well drop it", now I'm finally facing up to the fact that things are not okay, that there are no excuses and the only explanation is my severe social anxiety. I've always been this way. I got a near perfect ACT score without studying for a second and had straight As through high school with very little effort so it's extremely frustrating to do so poorly in school, but over the last year my anxiety has become so crippling. I've gained some weight which makes things even worse, self-esteem wise. I work on personal projects- writing, music, video production, learning how to draw, all day every day, I've started lifting weights... I was ragging on myself for being lazy but I realized I'm not even doing recreational things all day, I'm not watching netflix, I'm not lying in bed all day, I can work hard I just cannot leave my house or be around people. All that leads to this moment, where I finally acknowledge it is my anxiety, and I need to withdraw completely from my last two classes, but the online system won't let me, it needs me to meet with my advisor which is terrifying. I didn't even have a real advisor because I registered so late, it was just a department head who can't help me with this issue. I don't know what to do. I get emails weekly about my financial aid and how, even though I filed it twice, it will not go through even though the school tells me it does. I am terrified of withdrawing because I am not sure if that means I have to start paying my loans back. All I want is to stop, take a couple months to rest and lose weight so I feel a bit more confident, while getting some treatment for my anxiety, and then transfer to a new school in January when the semester starts, but I don't know if that will work because I've bungled my education so badly already, withdrawn from so many classes, and if I can't withdraw from these last twos I just get Fs, which means my GPA isn't enough to transfer, meaning I'm boned. I don't know what to do. I started scouring my school website about 30 minutes ago about what to do, who to see. I got light-headed and passed out in my computer chair, came to a few seconds later. I have only fainted before before getting a shot because I am very anxious around needles. I would like to add that I have not once spoken to any teacher, staff member, or other student at school, so there's no way I can just ask them for help. I haven't checked my school email in two months either, I am too afraid to open it. I know this probably all sounds like exaggeration or like I'm saying things for shock effect I don't know. I just have to get them off my chest.




Very very sorry for this awful rambling post. TL;DR- For anyone who is familiar with college/how the system works in the U.S.:

1. If I withdraw from my last two classes, and thus save my GPA, will the school I transfer to look down on these withdrawals? Will I have a chance to comment on why I had to withdraw?


2. Will I have to repay my loans immediately after withdrawing? Or can I transfer and renew my FAFSA information then, and just tack it on to that?

3. Because I have to meet with someone to withdraw from these last two classes- will they look down on me/judge me for this? I feel pathetic. I shouldn't be like this. I am lucky to live at home, but my dad would be let down if he knew all of this.

Thank youPretty much dropped out of college in my first semester due to anxietyMy stepson (18) has a severe anxiety disorder.  Paranoid thoughts. Aggression to those he believes have faulted him.  Illogical decision making.  He's had two jobs. They've lasted 3 weeks.  He's got a felony assault charge he's working off. He had countless fights and suspensions in high school.  It took every string we could pull to get him graduated.  

We've had him in counseling. Therapy. He's been on every drug we could find. Seraquel, Prozac, Zyprexa, Zoloft. None of it has worked to a large enough degree.  

We've looked recently at Palperidone.  We know this is off label use. But honestly he has a lot of the schizoaffective symptoms so it may just be misdiagnosis or me wanting to find the golden goose. 

Has anyone here been put on Palperidone? Has it helped?  It's so difficult to find true first hand experiences for this drug that don't include full schizophrenia. I'm hoping someone here may have experiences or advice they can share. 

Thanks for reading. I appreciate any advice given. I need help/advice with my Stepson. Please.A bit of background: I'm a classical musician, currently in my second year of my Master's at a prestigious conservatory in NYC. 

Since sometime in 10th grade, I've struggled with REALLY bad performance anxiety. It manifests itself in panic attacks while on stage: sweating palms, legs tensing up and pushing myself back against my seat, sometimes shortness of breath/tightness of chest, and perhaps worst of all, feelings of absolute terror and almost irresistible urges to either get up and leave, or to yell out (I don't know what words, just anything: an obscenity, a cry for help, who knows).

I have used meds (Prozac) to manage these symptoms for a while. To some extent they seemed to help, but sometimes not so much. I've occasionally gotten out of the habit of taking my meds, and have "fallen off the horse", so to speak. I once made the mistake of trying to get back on my meds less than a week before a concert, and it was just about the worst ever. As it stands now, I have not taken them in awhile (bad, I know), and tomorrow I have a big orchestra concert. The piece is around 40 minutes long, without pauses, and there are long portions where I don't play a note and just sit there.

I am absolutely mortified. What can I do to calm myself down, either beforehand or in the moment? I feel so helpless out there. Generally the anxiety starts really bad, then gradually gets a bit better... And then I have sudden onsets of waves of panic that are almost unbearable. I'm not sure what is causing this, or if I will truly ever be able to get over it, but it is crippling to my career and livelihood. I have even considered giving up music, due to it, except for the fact that I notice myself having the same sort of panic attacks when I *watch* concerts, or when I attend other events with large amounts of people and some level of uncomfortable quiet. So it's a general anxiety problem that permeates my life; better to try and nip it in the bud overall, than to give up what I love and still struggle with it.

I love music and am good at it; the anxiety thankfully doesn't seem to affect my actual playing, as standard performance anxiety does to most people. But I just get these (admittedly, probably irrational) fears: what if I throw up? Or what if I pass out? What if I give in and the unthinkable happens and I actually yell something? What if I derail the entire performance? What if everyone is looking at me?

Basically, I am asking for any kind of panic attack/anxiety remedies you all might recommend, that I could use to calm myself. I would greatly appreciate it.

I wasn't always this way; for the first 3 or so years of performing music regularly (I've now been doing this for 12 years-my track record of surviving so far should be reassuring to me, but in the heat of the moment in the midst of an attack, it is hard to think rationally and take solace in that fact) I never had any of these thoughts. Music is a huge passion and I am studying privately with one of the world's best players of my instrument. Everything should logically be great in my life, and I should be loving and enjoying all these opportunities NYC is affording me... 

But I would almost rather do *anything* other than go out on stage, see the stage lights go up and the audience lights go down, watch the conductor start the piece and then have the sinking realization that for the next x amount of minutes until the piece ends, I am stuck out there, trapped. It sounds illogical, but it is a horrifying, inescapable feeling at times. Sorry this is so weird. Thanks in advance for any help.Need advice/thoughts/prayers... Struggling with bad music performance anxiety, concert tomorrow (Wednesday).In August, my doctor told me I have severe anxiety and moderate depression. I have been dealing with the symptoms of these mental conditions ever since I can remember but this was the first time a doctor had verbalized what I'd already known for years. It's like a freaking roller coaster that I don't want to be on. I thought I'd grow out of it by now but I'm trying to come to terms with the fact that I'll probably have to deal with this for the rest of my life. I've only just recently been able to talk to my parents openly about it and although it has helped me feel a little better, it's also made me feel like a bona fide crazy person. I don't want to be defined by anxiety and depression. I used to hide it so well but lately it consumes me and I feel like my peers are starting to notice. I feel like I'm exaggerating and I just need to get over it. But I truly can't and it makes me feel weak-minded. How did this happenI'm kinda freaking out right now, on the verge of a panic attack and I've never had it like this before.

I'm traveling tomorrow and I'm having such a hard time being comfortable with it.

With each new time I travel on my own away from my wife, it seems to get worse.

I feel silly saying this but I know I'm not the only one out there that gets this so it's time to find some support / tips / advice.

I think the main part is that I worry about being away from my wife and cats. My cats are like my kids and I spend so much time with my wife... we are true best friends..

It's like I can't help but to think something is going to go wrong when I'm away or that it may be the last time I ever see them.

Writing that last sentence really triggered a lot...

My usual "solution" for dealing with my emotions is smoking weed and basically escaping them which I know is not good.. I haven't smoked today though and I'm trying not to. I will also not have any on my entire 10 day trip and I know I'm going experience a bit of withdrawal because of that as I usually do for the first 2 - 3 days..

Anyone out there have experiences like this? What do you do to handle it?Travel / Separation AnxietyMy SO is awesome, he's super sweet, smart, kind, handsome, capable, just all the good things.

But he doesn't see any of that. That's cool, I get that. While I don't have anxiety as bad at him, or even bad enough to really worth mentioning, I do have pretty severe depression so I can empathize. He does, too, but honestly the anxiety is the bigger issue for him.

SO has a degree in Computer Science. He's smart, capable, hardworking when in a structure. But like, I had to teach him how to oven cook a pizza. He was too afraid to try himself. I've taught him how to cook a few things now, by doing it myself and getting him to watch or watching while he follows instructions. He's a lot more confident in that regard... but he's still not confident enough to even cook on his own.

I managed to convince him therapy might help, but unfortunately the only free service is 8 sessions maximum. I think they're referring him to a counselling group after it's done (I suggested he see what else was available) but I know that a group counselling thing will just make him uncomfortable - and he'll probably stop going, though I haven't said anything and have just been trying to be positive. 

Last year, he had an interview for a software company. I spent a couple days at his, helping him through interview questions. He got so panicked he curled into a shaking fetal position. I hugged him, stroked his hair, comforted him best I could. He went to the interview, and it went so well he got a callback for another interview.

He was so anxious he just didn't show up, and didn't tell me for weeks that he got a callback because he was afraid I'd be &lt;insert negative emotions&gt; here at him.

I get that fear. I'm terrified myself of so many things. I've hid instead of facing things before, because I feel like I'm going to fuck it up anyway so I should just not try. But if anything's ever going to change, I gotta' pick myself up and keep trying. I have to do things that scare me or I'm never going to get to a place in my life that I'm happy. That's reality, it's awful. I hate it, I wish I could hide in a bubble and not have to deal with it but I do.

He doesn't. He hides in a bubble.

Last week he had an interview for a shop near his house - just like, a household shop, selling bath towls and lamps and shit y'know? He'd blitzed a bunch of CV's out because he's currently on Jobseekers allowance (Dole) and you're supposed to be actively looking for a job while doing so. This time instead of running through questions, I told him to just chill about it. The interview went super well, he was happy with himself, I was so fucking proud of him for just going for it. I told him if he didn't feel up for the job, then he could always tell them he got offered something else. Not the most productive I know, but I don't want to push him. As much as I care for him and want to help and support him, it's his choice what he does for himself. I can't fix him, I know that. Fuck I can't even fix myself. I'm just... doing my best to support him.

So a week passes and we're chilling at mine playing games when his phone starts ringing. I pass it to him, he puts it on silent and puts it down. Out of sheer curiosity I ask him why he didn't answer.

Turns out the shop had called him five times - that was the fifth. I'm going to take a wiiiiild guess here and say they were offering him a job. As I said, I wouldn't have minded him turning it down.

What concerns me is that he was too afraid to even answer the phone. He let it ring out five times. I don't know why that bothers me so much. As I said, I would have been fine with him rejecting the job. I just feel like... one step forward ten steps backwards.

What bothers me most honestly, is that he's relying on his parents way too much. He didn't even tell them that he's going to therapy until his mum, in tears, said she was moving out because she couldn't take it anymore. He basically hides in his room playing games all day and ignores their existence, yet until I taught him how to throw a pizza in the oven for 20 minutes his mum had to cook for him every night.

I adore this guy. He's so wonderful... but half of him seems like he's still a scared little boy. He's the most sensitive, sweetest person I've ever met. Around me, he's confident, hilarious, dependable... but the rest of the time he's the opposite.

Do any of you have any advice on how I can help him? Techniques to calm him when he's panicked, books to help him gain some perspective, anything?

I don't know if this relationship is going to last, I'm starting to get angry about how he treats his parents and that's no good to anyone. I don't want to end up being just another stress, or have him feeling like he's let me down. I just want to help. If you can think of anything, please. I'd really appreciate it.Advice for helping my SO with severe anxiety?Anxiety is creeping up on me. I worry about everything. I'm currently student teaching and I keep feeling like I'm fucking up even though I'm not. In my head I feel like I suck and am horrible at teaching. People tell me otherwise but for some reason I think I suck.  When I make mistakes I'm hard on myself. It never dawned on me that I have anxiety. I can't talk to anybody about this because they think it's no big deal and that I shouldn't think about it. They don't understand it's not that easy. I cried twice today. I just want to be normal. I want to be confident. I want to be a great teacher. I just want to be happy. Well I made the first step in getting help. I made an appointment to meet with a mental health counselor.Anxiety is a bitch...Through a few therapy sessions I had this year, it came to light that not only did I have depression that seemed to wax and wane, but that I had a pretty intense social anxiety that started in childhood.

It was an, 'ah, that explains so much' moment. 

Through a lot of bad experiences and interactions in trying to maintain friendships over the years, I've come to realize that even though I would like close friends -- part of me just doesn't care anymore?

Part of me just wants to say fuck it, and not bother with trying to create/maintain friendships. Does anyone else feel this way and feel liberated but scared at the same time? Is it normal?

tldr I was recently diagnosed with social anxiety that I've had for 20+ years, and I'm realizing that maybe it's better to be alone... is this okay?Choosing to be aloneWhat do I do about this? Is there anything to do about this? Do I just kinda deal with it?I'm ironically stressing out too much about getting a blood clot due to my stress.I mean, is that a thing? Just scan down to the bottom if you want to skip my "previously on" summary and go right to the subject. It's nothing groundbreaking, sometimes you just gotta vent somewhere. 

Long. Sorry.

---

My last job finally drove me to medication to manage my anxiety attacks. I'd gone 30 years dealing with anxiety and that place finally broke me. Gasping for breath, crying at work, constant tight chest and throat, gut trouble, long sleeps and three hour naps. The works.

I felt quick relief when I found my new job. Anxiety went down to very random worries about this text or that Facebook post.

Peaceful months go by. I'd started texting less overall  (including a lot of offline weekends) a couple months ago because texting just ramps up my anxiety. Nothing is a faster trigger than four unanswered texts, so why the hell was I doing stuff that would trigger me? That also unfortunately meant I was chatting and hanging out with my local friend a LOT less.

Now I'm triple-thinking all of my communication with her and called my doc to refill my Clonazepam in case I need it - which I have. 

My friend and I have a great time when we do get together and it's NORMAL to go days between texting people. I do it with everyone else with no issue when it might take them two days to get back to my message. 

But she's local (i.e. not one of my long distance buds) and I know I should explain where I've been at mentally the past few months and why I've been more distant. I haven't been the best friend.      Feeling guilty and a little panicky.

She'd be the one I usually talk to about this, but I don't want to bug her with my stuff any more. More to that but I won't keep going on and on right now.

This probably should have been a separate post...

---

Aaaanyway, back to the ACTUAL subject! This hibernation period thing isn't unique to this year, I feel like my anxiety is cyclical. It just happened to be terrible this year and more noticeable. Does anyone else experience this or have any idea of why this sort of thing happens?

Hashtag word vomit.Seasonal Anxiety?All the time my friends have to make fun of me. I am sick of it! They always gotta say racist stuff towards me and start making fun of me because I have mood swings and shit like that and I hate when they do this. It seems like every time they just get together and pick on me. I do not want to just stay away from them because I have nobody else to hang out with and I am pretty bad at making new friends. What should I do? I really hate dealing with this. P.S. I am not a good trash talker at ALLwhy do my friends always pick on me???Is it possible to shut down panic attacks or do you have to deal with the problem for it to calm down?Usually this isn't the kind of thing that triggers my anxiety but right now I'm on the verge of tears thinking about the possibility of World War 3 with RussiaFreaking out about the possibility of world war III with RussiaI'm 27, and I've dealt with anxiety and depression since childhood.

However, lately, I'm super paranoid of death. I'm afraid of a heart attack or brain aneurism. 

I used to be relatively healthy, but this last year my diet has been horrible due to stress eating as well as other excuses my pathetic self has. Looking to fix that soon.

Every night, my heart pounds, and I beg that I wake up tomorrow.

Someone tell me I'm not alone. Afraid of DeathHey, guys, I'm new here and also pretty new to medication. I've been having severe panic attacks on an almost daily basis for about a year now, and I have GAD as well.

My doctor is very anti-benzo, it seems. I understand that because I even told her I was afraid of them on my first appointment. The only things I've used before were hydroxizine, which I thought was great, but she thinks it's useless (an urgent care doctor prescribed it a while back)- and Zoloft. The Zoloft was horrible after one day, and it gave me a migraine, along with insomnia and even a depersonalization attack. 

So I'm kinda scared of antidepressants. Not only that, but the fact that it usually takes at least two weeks for you to even see if they work just makes me mentally throw up my hands in exasperation. I wish I could have something more fast acting, for the panic attacks. They're getting absolutely unbearable at this point.

TL;DR: My main question is: has anyone tried Celexa for anxiety or panic attacks? Does it work? 

I'm also afraid of having an allergic reaction. If the Zoloft didn't kill me, would that be a sign that this won't, either? Celexa for Panic Disorder?I have very little time to relax the way I want to. I play bass. It is fun, but if you practice to much you get bored fast. So yeah there's mine.What are your stress relievers?So I'm on Zoloft and I've been noticing over the past month or two that I have days where I have little to almost no anxiety, but then all of the sudden I get bad anxiety for day or two at a time. It sucks cuz when I'm going through my days of no anxiety I feel great and I feel confident, but there is always the thought in the back of my mind that the day or two of bad anxiety is coming. Usually when it does come I'll feel myself getting anxious at night and then waking up with anxiety. I can control it for the most part and push through it, but sometimes (like today where I skipped my night class and stayed at home all day) I just can't bring myself to go about the day. 

At first these days of bad anxiety made me feel like I was having a setback and that it send me back down that spiral I was in last year and years before. But the way I've been dealing with this is by telling myself that I just came off a few great days and that this one day is just that...one day. So I try to remind myself that it isn't necessarily a setback that I have bad anxiety today, but it's more of an obstacle and kinda just "one of those days". It doesn't mean it's going to be like this for now on, and I think that's helped me a lot because I fell fast down the anxiety hole in the past (last year in particular) but now I feel like I have a lot more control on myself. I guess I'm just wondering if anyone can relate to this and what strategies you use for when it happens. 

I just feel a little guilty for lying around all day and not going to my class and I also had some other stuff I could have gotten done that I didn't. So any advice or kind words or really anything would be appreciated!DAE have days of no/little anxiety and then a day or two of bad anxiety?Hey, so I'm 19M and living at home. I'm diagnosed with depression and GAD. And I'll just cut to the question part. 

About a month ago I came home from work and was tired and did some stuff around the house then went to bed around 10. In the middle of the night my mom came into my room and asked me if I wanted her to massage my back cause my back was sore after work. I was really groggy and I told her no I didn't. Then when I woke up in the morning I remember that, but I also remember her trying to pull down my pants while I'm laying in bed, and me stopping her in my groggy state and holding my pants on. 

And I'm not sure whether that actually happened or if I dreamt it. I felt horrible and anxious thinking about it in the morning and felt sick about it all day. I don't think she would do something like that. We are a religious household and my mom is probably one of the nicest peopole on earth. And If I didn't dream it and it actually happened how should I handle this? But I'm also thinking if I dreamt it what does that say about me? Could there be something else wrong with me? How can I know if it was real or not? 

I really don't know how to handle this situation and could use someone else's perspective. And just thinking about this makes me incredibly anxious and feel horrible, so much so I don't think I'm able to reason on it rationally. That's why I'm looking for some help.

Edit: if there is a better place to post this please let me know. Im really just looking for help right now. I don't know how to handle this situation and I need help.I started counseling at my college in mid September, and have one hour sessions every two weeks. It's not that I particularly enjoy it, I've actually been struggling to be open and stuff, but my life has turned into constantly thinking about the next time I'll be able to talk to the only person that understands what I'm going through. 

I really don't find it very helpful either; I still feel really hopeless and anxious about seemingly everything I can find to be anxious about. I don't want to stop counseling because this is like a last resort kind of thing to me, but I want it to be more supplementary to improving myself rather than having it consume my thoughts like it does now.

Anyone struggle/struggled with something similar or have any advice?How to survive in between therapy sessions?whenever i read Symptoms of any condition  i feel like i have em and i can't stop thinking that if i don't go to see a doctor now ,, it'll be too late and i'll die or go blind or something 
does that happen to you ?Googling SymptomsHello all. I am fairly new to the world of anxiety and mental health. I have always had concerns about my breathing. Growing up I had a fear of choking while eating. In grade 7 I was diagnosed with mild asthma. My asthma never really gave me any real troubles. Fast forward until 4 months ago, and I am now 27. Now I have never been on asthma medication, never needed it, I always just carried my blue rescue inhaler which I had never needed to use. So I started to feel uncomfortable while driving, if the air in the car got hot or smelled dusty I would shorten my breaths. Now at the time I had no idea this was getting dangerously close to hyperventilating already. So one day while experiencing one of these dusty air episodes my throat began to tingle and my stomach became a ball of electricity. I didn't realize it but I was hyperventilating and having a panic attack. I grabbed my inhaler thinking I was having an asthma attack. I calmed down immediately. These episodes happened a few more times and it started to worry me thinking my asthma was getting worse. Well one night I ended up having a total meltdown. I took my inhaler twice which coupled with the hyperventilation caused my throat to go completely numb. I freaked out. I forced my fianc  to drive me to the emergency room. The doctor looked me over and very respectfully asked if I had anxiety. I said no, I didn't know if I did. He explained that my thirst felt the way it did due to anxiety and not asthma. He gave me a doctor referral and a prescription to  asthma medication. So my doctor started me on sertraline. Well one night I woke up and my throat was absolutely one fire. I panicked and called 911. Another panic attack. The very kind doctor in the ER explained to me more about hyperventilating and why it happens. Now I still suffer from the anxiety of stopping breathing and my asthma. But the medication is helping. However sometimes even when I am the most mindful I begin to hyperventilate. I try to control my breathing but I get tingles in my throat. Sometimes when I wake up my throat feels fat but my breathing seems to be okay. Can anyone give me advice on how to control my hyperventilating and breathing? Any advice on someone new to anxiety would also be appreciated. How to reduce hyperventilatingWhat helps you get rid of stomach pain?Having severe stomach issues while being anxious?I sometimes feel nauseous or weak with my anxiety. What can i do?HelpI've had anxiety and depression for several years now (only recently diagnosed) but I've never taken any kind of medication for it and only began seeing a counselor a couple months ago. For the past few weeks my anxiety has been really bad and I've began developing new symptoms that I think might be related to anxiety. I've lost my appetite completely, even going a a day or two without eating more than a fruit and some water. Also I've noticed that when I get anxious I begin to feel very nauseated to the point where I throw up several times. I'm not sure if this is normal and would like some advice on what I could do to improve it or if I should go see a doctor.Need advice on whether they're normal symptoms of anxiety and how I can help themAnxiety: 

Is when everything is well now but you are afraid it's gonna change

Is when you are feeling beautiful but remember you will get old

Is when you are writing thinking of what people will think when they read it 

It's a tightness in the chest, a lump in the throat; It's like an elephant sitting on your forehead

Is expectation mixed with hopes deep fried on fear

Is the everyday feeling of not being enough

Is a reality and a dream; An illusion and a fact whiting the depts of human psique. My view on anxiety in a poemSo this Thursday I felt some heart palpation's and I overthought it for a good 4 days. I thought I was having some health problems but in reality it was just me overthinking the fuck out of that one scenario. I went to the doctor and he was like, "Alright well if you really think you have this then please come with me and get a EKG". He did the test and it came out perfectly fine. The doctor told me, "Well son it seems as if you are overthinking this and if you continue to do this, you will surely develop this problem alongside a heath anxiety disorder". Oh man those were the best words I've heard my whole life, I wasn't having some heart disease or something. I never thought that I would ever experience any type of anxiety in my life, but I guess there is a first for everything. Thank you to all that managed to read this far, it just wanted to let this out and set it free from my soul.  first time with health anxietyThis beautiful girl got on the treadmill beside and all I wanted to do was make a little small talk with her. I'm a regular and I'm told I'm fairly good looking. I just wanted to be like "hey I've never seen you here before. Is this your first time? " I couldn't.  I waited too long.  I wish I had more confidenceI wish I talked to that cute girl at the gymLast week, I was recommended to take over someone's position at another company and had an interview that went very well on Friday. The manager who interviewed put in a salary and benefits request to HR, but because the interview was conducted outside of their protocol, they need to make a public posting available. The manager says my resume is at the top of the list and this process should be done in about a week.

I work in the music industry, so it's not uncommon for jobs to be filled on a word-of-mouth basis.

My rational brain is feeling disappointed but understands that this needs to be done. But my anxiety brain is thinking the manager secretly didn't think I was good enough and is using the HR thing to  not hurt my feelings.

Interviewed for an unlisted positionToday, I've been concerned about my bloodpressure and heart rate. My Systolic Bloodpressure is around 110-130 and my diastolic bloodpressure is around 60-80. But, 3 weeks ago. I had 170 in SYS and 108 In DIA. I don't why it was so high. It has never happen before. I have checked my bloodpressure every day in the last 3 weeks. But, It never get higher than 140/90. My heart rate is also a concern. I check my heart rate quite often. Every time I check, it seems normal. But, It doesn't feel normal. In fact, when I do certain activities. It feels like my BPM doubles or triples. My BPM is 60-70 while resting. But, When I do exercise it feels like twice as much if not more. But, I check my BPM while exercise. It's not much higher than while I'm resting.my bloodpressure and heart rate!I'm getting intrusive thoughts and thinking too much and more things are starting to pile on. What can I do to calm down?Starting to feel overwhelmedI'm tired of all of the typical descriptions I read online such as "you feel unreal", as though that doesn't describe any feeling that isn't ordinary. I've also heard people say "if you have it, you know it", as though feeling things suddenly gives a term absolute definition regardless of your point of view. It's the same reason that terms like "anxiety", which in plain English means a fear of what's coming, doesn't begin to describe what people in our shoes go through, especially physically. It also doesn't help that none of the many doctors I've seen seem to have ever heard the terms before. 

I'll describe what I've been going through in this third year I've been suffering with anxiety. Starting in December 2015, I began to not have "anxiety" or "panic" attacks, but I began to be more stuck in a permanent state of anxiety that undulates to better states and worse states. When this change took place, my worse states involve a vision change that is honestly a mix of drunk, high and on acid. No hallucinations, but the way certain colors and shadows pop makes everything look overwhelming and strange. The drunk/high part is the larger problem I think- I've stopped driving entirely because of it. I feel like even though I know what I'm seeing, it takes a second for my brain to realize it. It honestly feels visually what the world looks like when you're past buzzed drunk. There are no physical problems with my eyes and I've even had my glasses updated this month- yet it persists. My energy level is greatly drained, and when it happens the fatigue feels exactly like having the flu or a major infection- my strength leaves me, I can barely hold my body posture and even sitting can be unbearable- there is no pain but the discomfort is absolute and overwhelming. It literally is like the flu without the fever or respiratory effect. Occasionally my eyelids squeeze and twitch when I get this feeling. It's like a mode that goes by, sometimes staying for hours, or lightening up a bit and washing over again. When it happens I can barely think enough to speak, and trying to act against it in any way results in a worsening of every symptom, both mental and physical. It does feel unreal, but that single term is not nearly adequate to describe it. When it happens I can't even focus enough to read, watch tv or play a videogame. I just have to sit and suffer like a zombie until it goes away, which always feels like an eternity. 

So, does this sound like DP/DR to any of you here? Similar? I'd love to hear some detailed descriptions from other people so I have a better idea if DP/DR is the proper terminology for what I experience. 

And oddly, this happens most often if I need to defecate, right after and even sometimes when I just feel movement or weight in my lower gut. Can anybody give me a descriptive, tangible account of what their depersonalization/derealization feels like?It's next Tuesday and I'm very relived to finally have a set date. But of course I'm still dealing with my anxiety still and have to get through the week. [Progress!] Finally have a therapy appointment day.Hi all, not sure if this is the right sub because I don't really have anxiety, just a specific problem that I couldn't think where else to post. If you know somewhere more appropriate then please let me know!

Well basically I've always had a fear of being attacked, assaulted or mugged. It leads to me being really cautious and paranoid sometimes and acting in rather strange ways. However it never really impacted my life until a few months ago.

I was at a club with some friends and it was the last day of term at university so it was absolutely packed out, way too many people (which kind of made me a bit overwhelmed to start with). Then, when I went to the toilets, and was standing at the urinal, these two guys started harassing me (I'm also a guy, forgot to mention) and saying stuff like "not so tough now, are you"- I think they may have confused me with someone else. One of them came up behind me and started feeling me up all over while the other one whispered all these horrible things in my ear. I completely froze up, couldn't even respond, just went into panic mode and forced my way back into the club to try and find friends, I was feeling a bit shaken and teary. 

Then when I was in the club another guy came up to me and just tried to take me drink off me, then started getting really aggressive when I wouldn't let him and swearing at me and stuff. At that point I'd just had enough so I walked off out of the club to try and find a taxi, and on my way out some guy on the street started trying to talk to me as I was going towards the taxis, and he was getting aggro as well and getting verbally abusive because I was so upset and ignoring him because I just wanted to get a taxi. Well anyway I eventually did get home, it sounds kind of pathetic because nothing even that bad happened but I rang my girlfriend and just cried on the phone for like an hour (I know I'm oversensitive). She was really lovely and supportive through the whole thing.

The problem is now that I feel that night has just completely justified all my fears about going out at night. Other guys being creepy and gropey, being harassed on the street, the general aggressive atmosphere of the club. I feel like I just don't want to go out again. My friends keep trying to convince me to go out clubbing with them but the thought that something really bad could happen just terrifies me. 

Is it unreasonable to feel this way? Surely I can't live the rest of my life being so cautious. But at the same time I would just rather avoid a situation like that again, friends be damned. What do you guys think?

TL;DR had a bad experience at a club, too scared to go out again

Sorry for any incoherence in the writing, thanks in advance for helping.Is it wrong to not want to go out any more at night? (Possible TW sexual harassment)Today, as horrible as it sounds I failed a test that I could of totally cheated on. The reason behind my failure was that my anixety would let me pick up my phone while the whole class cheated. I could of actually learned the material too but I suck at math and can't concentrate in the freakin class.
I went from being in great academic standing to being at risk of falling two classes ( Calculus and General Chemistry II)  and not mention that I don't do anything but worry I stress in class and I stress at home. Can anybody else relate that this? Failing in my classes and my lifeI haven't spoken to one of my closest friends in about 2 months. She told me that I was getting to be too clingy and was bringing her down with how much I talked about my problems with anxiety and depression and that she wants to be there for me but finds it really hard to. I sent her a long text explaining how I had changed a lot since developing this problem with anxiety, that I was sorry for acting clingy and I'll respect her need for space, and that I still hope we can be friends in the future, to which she replied that it means a lot to her that I wrote the message and that she hopes things get better for me. It's been 2 months and I've heard nothing from her. I asked her about a month ago if she wanted to hang out and got no response. I really don't want to lose her as a friend forever, I don't really have many friends here at school and she's usually been there for me, although I have noticed that before our "break up" we were talking a lot less than usual and she seemed more distant which indicates to me that she was getting a little tired of me. Basically the whole situation is eating me alive. I've been confiding in mutual friends and trying to focus on other things but I still can't help but think a lot about my former friend. It's a mixture of anxiety over worrying about losing her as a friend forever, guilt for being too clingy, and anger for her leaving me behind when she knows I'm going through a rough patch. I really want to reach out with her and talk about the possibility of becoming friends again but it seems like a lot of people consider that to be a bad idea and that I should keep her out of my mind for good. The problem is that it's really hard for me to just stop being friends with someone like that and that I felt really close with her emotionally. I really want to hear from her some indication that we can be friends again but I'm nervous about pushing her away even more. I just don't know if I should completely cut her out of my life or not, it's killing me to worry all the time if things are over for good between us. Does anyone have any ideas for what I should do? I'm tempted to do one of two things: tell her that I liked having her as a friend but that I don't think it's possible for us to be friends anymore and cut her off completely by deleting her number, or call her and try to talk with her about the situation. My friend says I should just wait for her to come around but I don't know how long I can keep hoping. I'm really tempted to reach out to my (former) friend... thoughts?So I'm in high school and have been having problems that I think is anxiety and depression (my other posts have more info). Anyway, to keep this short, my parents don't really know about it still, but I did end up going to a guidance counselor who's been helping me. A lot of it is stress from school and tests and I throw up before school when it's really bad. I've had plenty of anxiety attacks during school and sometimes having to miss class to calm down with the counselor. So now my parents are taking me to the doctor soon for the throwing up and I'm freaking out. I don't know what to expect. They know that it's nerves, but they don't know about any of the other things or about the attacks in school and it started last year. So what if the doctor goes more in depth and asks about anxiety/depression in general? Do you think they would? And if they do, I'll probably freak out and get super nervous right there and possibly cry because that's what happens when I think/talk about what I'm feeling so I know it's going to be pretty bad when I'm actually in there, especially in front of one of my parents. And if it does come up, should I mention that I've been talking to someone about it? But I don't want them to feel bad that I never told them and also that it's been going on for awhile. 

Sorry, this is probably all over the place (like my thoughts right now lol). I'm just freaking out and any advice in general or maybe what to expect would be great :) thanks!Going to the doctor??Hello all, this is my first post here.

I just recently graduated with my BS and have had a hard time finding full time work. I mean, this economy is awful - you should see my excel sheet that has 45 jobs I've applied to. I just recently got called in for an interview at Jo-Ann's craft store this Friday. I have GAD and Panic Disorder so I'm a little freaked out. 

I mean, I love crafting. It calms me down quite a bit, but I'm so scared of screwing this up. I've only ever had two jobs: one as a research assistant in a very relaxed atmosphere, and another as a barista in an extremely hellish and fast-paced atmosphere.

To be honest, my schedule is wide open and I have customer-service experience. I know the only reason I wouldn't get hired is because I'm an anxious wreck... Also I just recently got my license as I lived in a populated area and never needed it before. Now I'll have to drive there during a busy time and I think that might be freaking me out more than the interview itself. I have a job interview friday and i'm terrifiedHi guys,

I read a lot of the submissions on this sub and can relate to a lot of them but I haven't read any that are similar to my experiences.

I had sort of a panic attack when I was in Colorado a few months back resulting from seeing the side of a mountain jutting up in a strange way. Normally I'd see this, think it's cool, and move on.

That specific instance made me go into a derealized mindset where I thought of everything in my life and how I had taken it all to be normal. Ever since that moment, I've felt like I've actually opened my eyes to the absurdity of everything for the first time.

Normally I'd get these thoughts every once in a while before the Colorado event and brush them off. Now they're always in the back of my head and I feel like I'm the only one that notices or is baffled by everything.

It's especially bad with cars. Oh yeah! Let me just get into my metal box that runs on dinosaur fossils and carbonized plant matter! Hmm. I'm a bit hungry. Better stuff some specialized matter into my food hole! It's honestly pretty funny when you really think about it but I think this way about pretty much every aspect of my life now.

So yeah, it's been giving me pretty bad anxiety. I also think it's a vicious cycle of my anxiety exacerbating my derealization and so on.

Anybody else feel like this?I feel like an alien dropped on Earth for the first time.I have always had a lot of trouble focusing/paying attention, but I've only recently started to notice the severity of it in my interactions with other people. My therapist and my boyfriend have both mentioned that I am always "in my head", that they can see the gears turning and know I'm not present.

It's led to some fights because I can never focus enough, and even when I hear the words my boyfriend is saying (and can accurately parrot it back), I'm not really *listening* and processing, because my mind won't stop running through every single possible thing. Like, literally anything that isn't the present moment - sometimes, mundane, stupid stuff that causes me stress, other times trying to re-analyze a situation, if my cat is hiding, what I ate for lunch, etc etc.

One technique my therapist has taught me is using something physical to "ground" myself - she gave me a small rock and asked me to carry it around and use it to ground myself when I feel like I'm losing touch. She also suggested deep breathing, daily meditation, writing thoughts down. These haven't really helped, especially the "in the moment" stuff because when I realize I'm not focusing, I tend to respond with panic and the rest goes out the window.

I think the worst is when my boyfriend is talking about something (enthusiastically), and I "zone out" - he'll ask if I heard him, I can repeat it back to him (sometimes), but it's like I missed the moment. I can't go back and react correctly, etc. I already missed the opportunity to respond in an acceptable way. This makes him upset and frustrated with me, and it makes me hate myself and wonder why I can't just function correctly.

Do you guys have any tips that could help?

Thank you &lt;3[Help] Trouble processing/focusing in interactions with others? Techniques?My childhood dream has been to become a doctor. Everything I did in high school, from classes to extracurricular activities, were geared towards that dream. But ever since I came to college I've been wrecked by depression and anxiety. I miss school at least once a week or several times a week when it gets really bad. I become too guilt-stricken about skipping class to do homework, eat, or even leave my bed all day. I've noticed I shower less often tooverlooked, although it's not to the point that I reek in public.

My grades are slipping so hard that I've nearly given up my dream. How can I even get into medical school when I can't even attend class three times straight? Or even maintain a GPA above 3.1. I talk to a counselor and she's helped a lot but oh my god, I'm scared that I'm not improving fast enough to save my GPA before I graduate in two years. I've already explained my situation to my professors about my depression and antidepressants have leveled me out. But now anxiety is taking over my life to the point that I can't even bring myself to ask for extensions or explain why I didn't come in to hand in my presentation... 

I've thought about taking a semester off to clear my head and save my GPA from falling even harder but I'm not even sure if that will help. Has anyone else dealt with extreme anxiety in college? What can I do? So scared of barely passing college and wrecking my dreamsOkay, so the last 3 months have been absolute hell for me. After I quit smoking I started going through so many problems, I developed extreme Anxiety and worried literally about everything and I was driving myself crazy, eventually I got to the doctor and got everything tested my blood and what not and my BP Was VERY high it was about 160~170/(Regular # Here) he said it is quite common in stressful events in your life for your blood pressure to rise sometimes to scary heights but said if you just calm down and maybe change your diet a bit you should start to see results for the better, but after saying that he did put also say I have a very fast heartrate and said that could also be attributed to anxiety and that I shouldn't be worrying at my age (I'm 21) and then prescribed me Proponolol 160 MG for a month (Which I'm still on) I mean all things considered I feel quite a bit better, but everytime I lie down or think about lying down after I close my eyes and am no longer distracted by what I was watching all I can focus on is my heart I'm almost 100% sure it's anxiety and my heart doesn't really race it's just I can feel it and it's just a steady beat usually speeds up a bit when I take a deep breath and slows down, etc... and it's so hard for me to sleep and I wake up at'least once each night (That never happened before so it could be a side effect of the medicine) But does anyone else have any advice for me that has also possibly had this happen? Most of my other problems such as constant worry and extreme fear isn't as bad and my stress levels are substantially farther down, but I'm almost scared to go to sleep in fear of just listening to my heart if that makes ANY sense... Any and all advice/Responses are appreciated! &lt;3very aware of Heart when Lying down... @_@I think over the past few months I've done very well. I've dealt with depression and now it's almost gone. My anxiety has went from overwhelmingly impossible to deal with to very manageable. However my self esteem isn't what id like it to be. My question in the title is there because I feel like no matter how good I make myself feel someone else's success or happiness or opinions of me makes me feel bad. I feel worthless compared to others and have a lot of excess hatred inside me for other people who do well. This self loathing attitude I want to minimize but I don't know how. I want to hear how others like me cope.DAE compare themselves to others to the point where your self esteem is dependent on other peoples opinion of you?I wish I had some deep insightful post but I don't; I stutter my words and I pause a lot and I don't describe or explain things like I used to. I can't be fast and concise like I used to. It makes me feel so bad, like I'm stupid. And I know I'm not, but I just.. it's so embarrassing.feel like I can't talk properly anymoreI've been on Prozac, max dose, for about 7 or 8 months. And at first, almost instantly it improved my mood and gave me more energy. Which was part of the reason it was prescribed and I was taken off my other anti-anxiety/anti-depressant. This should've been a red flag that it wasn't going to work for me, but considering I'd already tried Zoloft and Celexa I was hopeful. Over the last several weeks though I feel like my anxiety has gotten worse. I've had two panic attacks that hit out of nowhere and were so intense I had to sit down where I was at because I was pretty sure I was going to pass out. I also can't seem to focus on anything. Which in turn exacerbates my anxiety because I'm not getting as much work done as I feel I should be. My mind is constantly going at 90 miles a minute and if I try to focus on something like my schoolwork I get so frustrated at my inability to focus and wrap my head around it that it only worsens my mood. My depression has also flared up. So I'm either irritable, on-edge and, anxious as all hell or all that with a topping of miserable thrown into the mix. Anyone else had this problem with Prozac? What medication would recommend I ask my doctor about if I decide to switch? Celexa was mediocre and ineffective. Zoloft seemed effective, but I was constantly tired. I'm also on a constant dose of Buspar. I've suffered with depression and anxiety for nearly 20 years, but only been getting treatment for about 3. Thanks, Obama (literally) But after 3 years and 3 medicines I'm starting to worry.Is Prozac Making Things worse?It's been 6, almost 7 years of this hell, and I think I'm getting worse now. I feel insane. Depersonalized out of my mind, the lingering threat of panic and insanity follows me everywhere. Nobody cares about me with the exception of my sister and my dad. I don't know how much longer I can live under these conditions before I decide nothingness is preferable to the arbitrary cruelty that is life. Oh God. I'm getting worse.I'm supposed to be in grade 12 but I haven't even finished Grade 10 science and math yet because I have intense anxiety leading to sobbing fits when I attempt to view any science or math lessons or problems. I'm homeschool because of it and I can't even *try* . It just leads to meltdowns and I don't know what to do. Medication and Tutors are out of the picture, can't afford. I'm fine with the Arts, English and Social studies. It's just numbers and technical words was terrify and overwhelm me. I'm just desperate. I'm years behind in school, this can't go on. I'm open to any ideas and I apologize if im posting in the wrong placeSchool anxiety, 2 years behind in highschoolI can't ever tell if something is off or I'm overthinking. Usually when I overthink I'm wrong. How do I stop Overthinking in my relationshipI feel like I have been more anxious since starting Prozac and my mood stabilizer. They are small doses, of course, but it's like I've been set to vibrate for the last few weeks. Depressive thought cycles have been low, but I've been anxious to a degree that I haven't felt since this all came to a head a few years ago. I have an appointment with my psychologist in a couple days, but any advice for how to cope in the meantime? Work was especially difficult last night.More anxious since I started medicationI've been considering Adderall, but heard from many it can make anxiety worse. Has anyone taken Nuvigil with good (or better) results? Any good from Nuvigil?I work a 37.5 hour week atm at a kinda medium stress job- menial work in a loud workplace, not mentally taxing but there's potential to mess things up and get in shit. 

anyway this is my second week in a row where one day I've taken half the day off to go home "ill"- I'm paid hourly so it's not really that they can fire me for this and I did offer to stay if they needed me. 

I get most of the way through my shift and then I start to tire out mentally, start shaking and getting nauseous, stomach ache, headache, feeling faint and feverish, tearful, "low on spoons" and usually I just have to stick it out until the end of the shift- then when I get home I don't have anything left to make dinner or do any housework, walk the dog or shower. all I can do when I get home is lay down with my laptop.

DAE? what do you do about this? I would like to not feel physically dreadful every day so I guess get a new job with less hours but how do I justify (to others) switching to another min wage job where I'll earn less? is "not enough mental energy" a valid reason? I'm in need of validation here.

edit: I do not *need* the money so in theory my well being can come first herenot enough mental energy (spoons) for full time workI Hate It.I Hate It So Fucking Much.Somebody Help Me.Please.Anxiety.So there is this girl, we've been talking in real life a couple of times, and we have chatted 3 days ago for about 2   3 hours. But now my anxiety is creeping up again and I am too scared of talking to her, I really hate it. Could you guys give me some advice on what to do now. 

I really want to send her a message and just talk, but I get too anxious. 
Btw I just want to be friend.I need some adviceOne thing I find particularly difficult when I'm experiencing high levels of anxiety is the ability to eat and drink. For example before Football matches, interviews, exams, etc, I feel so physically sick in my stomach that eating is a major struggle. Even just a glass of water can take me 30 minutes to get down because I have to do it in small sips.

The most annoying part is that I *need* the food/drink in order to function adequately, especially for sports where diet is essential for energy.

Does anybody know of any solutions to loss of appetite?Struggling to eat and drink when feeling nervous?So I've always had some issues with anxiety, but I've never experienced an anxiety attack before, at least I didn't until yesterday. 

I was in my house when I noticed a wasp. I'm terrified, to a capital T of wasps. It was just chilling on my floor, and I managed to kill it. Mind you, I'm all alone in my house. 

So I figured it just flew into my house when I opened the door. That is, until I saw another one. 

I leap over the couch and start googling pest control. The first number can't help me, the second one can. I'm shaking and in tears but I figured that's just my fear. Finally after calling them and my landlord, I've lost the wasp, and lock myself in bedroom. 

After I'm finally off the phone I fall to the ground and just start wailing. I'm just screaming and crying and shaking. I'm not sure at this point if it's still cause I'm fearing the wasps or just everything. And I couldn't stop for like a good 5 minutes. 

Did I just have a breakdown or was that an attack? I hope I'm not like offending anyone, I've mostly been in the dark and alone when it comes to my own anxiety. Did I experience an anxiety attack?Does anyone have some advice to get past this? I want to get help, I don't want  to feel like this all the time anymore. I want to get counselling, but can't even think about signing up without having an anxiety attack. Help!How do you deal with intrusive thoughts? It's hard for me especially during school and at home. Intrusive thoughtsI've been under a lot of stress at work and since my husband deployed a month ago and will be gone for a year. I work full time, go to school full time, and I play hockey in my free time. Lately, I've had severe stomach pain near my belly button on the right side. I've also had increased palpitations the past month or so. They didn't find anything when I went to the ER. Everything came out normal. The stomach pains and palpitations come and go. I'm wondering if this could all be from my anxiety. I've been having bad dreams and have been scared something will happen to my husband overseas. I will start crying even if I think about it while driving or just sitting at work. I've even been wondering if it is IBS as far as the stomach pain goes. 
Please don't tell me to see a doctor, I already went to the ER and am trying to see my normal doctor today or another day. I want to know about other people's experiences and if they relate to mine.Anxiety causing health problems?I really want to try Kava and after watching a ton of videos it seems to be promising. I found that Yogi makes a Kava Tea and was wondering if that is what my doctor meant or do I need to like order the roots and make it myself if so how and where do I get that? Also can I drive after having Kava? I used to use Ativan and that says not to drive but I always did and was fine.

Thanks! Doctor told me to try Kava, where do I get it?There's not a lot of things I can get ready for casually beforehand and just go. I'll have an appointment or something 4 hours away but that whole time I'm thinking about it, like I need to mentally prepare myself for it. I get more tense/nervous as the minutes count down and I hate it. Have any of you gotten past this?DAE Get Ready For Something Way Before It Happens?I would like to apologize in advance for my post being all over the place but currently that is how my mind is.

I quit my long time job back in the spring to get some IT certifications so I could start a career in IT. At first everything was going OK. I would get up with my wife in the morning and after she left for work I would spend about 4 hours each day studying. Maybe one day a week I would watch TV all day but for the most part I studied. I think what kept me on track was if I didn't pass the two tests I needed by the end of June I would have to buy new study materials and start over because the exams were getting updated. I passed in the beginning of June and got my certification. I slacked off for a couple of weeks and started studying for my next exam. At the beginning of August I started applying for entry level IT jobs. I should have started earlier but I wanted to lose some weight first, which didn't happen. I am still studying for my second certification and not making much progress because most days I just sit around feeling anxious and depressed. The anxiety is getting worse because I only have enough money left to get through February. We have a backup plan but that consists of trying to sell our house and move in with the in-laws. What really has me anxious is my former job was in retail and I can't go back to that. I have been diagnosed with both Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder. I have a hard time going out in public for long periods of time. Sometimes just going grocery shopping is a nightmare. Every so often I think about looking into filing for disability but I don't know if I am "crazy" enough. I was seeing a therapist once a month for about three years before I quit my job. I stopped going because most of my anxiety went away when I quit. But as I am getting closer to d-day it is getting worse again. I have only received one interview since I started sending out resumes and I was scared to death to go. I think the only reason I was able to go to it is because my cousin worked for the company and he met me at office before I went in for the interview. BTW I didn't get the job. One of my problems is I feel like a failure. My wife keeps telling me I'm not and I want to believe her but it is hard to. The though of living with her parents doesn't bother me as much as them thinking I am failure also and the fact that we have four cats who would have to live in the basement with us. My other big problem is I don't like people. After working 20 plus years in retail I have had enough of stupid, rude, entitled people. The fact that I can't speak my mind for fear of offending someone really sets off my anxiety. I know I have to continue to study for these certifications but some days the stress is too much and the sofa and TV become my best friend. I was thinking about scheduling my next exam to give me motivation but  it costs $285 and it is non refundable. But I am starting to think that is what I have to do. In my mind to make things work I am 43 years old and have basically wasted my life.

Thanks

I keep getting stuck in a funk and i don't know how to get out and stay outI've been dealing with depression/anxiety since probably middle school, but only started seeking treatment this past year.

I've been seeing a therapist who said I should talk to someone about medication.  

I just got back, minutes ago, from talking to a specialist.  He prescribed me Zoloft.  25 mg for the first 10 days, 50 after, eventually 150.

The idea of being happier and calmer is great, but I'm really really really nervous about this whole thing.  Especially the side effects.

I've always had weight issues and one of the side effects is apparently weight gain?  I'm nervous about that, but I can probably keep an eye on it.  So I'm pretty worried about that, but at least it is something I have some control over.

My biggest worry is sex.  

He said that there will probably be a decrease in sex drive and I keep reading all these horror stories online of Zoloft users having no sex drive at all, or not being able to get an erection, or losing sensitivity in their sexual organs, or not being able to orgasm/ejaculate.  I'm an extremely sexual person.  Probably too much so.  Haha.  The idea of this drug taking away one of the very few pleasures in my life is absolutely terrifying to me.  Does this happen to *everyone* who takes Zoloft?  Is it possible that I may be spared from such a thing?  

My anxiety/depression is bad, but I do find moments of joy sometimes.  I don't know.  I'm wondering if I made a mistake getting medication.  Maybe I could have gotten through this without medication.  I feel like I'd be even *more* depressed after losing my sexual desires and sexual ability than I am currently.

The sex thing is my biggest fear now.  I hadn't even thought of that before.  I don't want this to hurt my relationship.  

Also, another big question, do you still feel like *you*?

I'm not entirely sure how these things work.  I've never taken meds like this before.  I'm a writer and I often pull from my depression/anxiety/pain to fuel my work.  Though these days, I'm too exhausted/depressed to write at all.  

But I'm wondering... will I still remember how the worst-of-the-worst feels?  Will I still be able to pull from those dark places in my writing and in my acting?  Or will I lose the depth/experience within myself. 

Will I still be *me*?  Is my depression/anxiety part of who I truly am?  Will I be some fake version of me whose emotions are chemically made and not "real"?  If that makes sense.    

Thanks for your help, everyone.

I'm just very scared right now.  I'm sort of freaking out more than I have in a long time.  I've never taken medication like this before and I don't know what's going to happen.

EDIT:  Thanks for the replies, my friends.  I am starting to feel better about all this.  Just knowing that not *everyone* has those same side effects to such a harsh degree makes me feel a lot better.  Worst case scenario, I talk to my doctor about changing my medication.  Best case scenario: I finally start to feel better.  Might as well give it a try.  Thanks again.

I was just prescribed Zoloft today and I'm extremely nervous. I have some questions for those who've had experience with it.Does anyone else feel very suspicious of compliments? Like you don't know if the compliment you received was legit or someone was just low key making fun of you. And it bugs you all day and makes you self conscious about what ever the compliment was about... Over Thinking ComplimentsMy anxiety has gotten so bad that I am now having almost daily anxiety/panic attacks. I feel I can't think clearly or focus on anything for more than an hour without being hit with extreme anxiety. For the first time I am considering taking medication. I realize that anti-anxiety medications only reduce the feeling of anxiety and don't cure it - right after you get off the meds the feelings come back. So of course if I do go on them I will need a plan of action to attack the anxiety itself. Also, I realize they are highly addictive. Of course, these are the downsides I know about but I am wondering what your experience has been and if medication is worth it. Thanks! Read below for my story.


Quick back story as to how I developed anxiety: anorexic for 3 years in high school, followed by binge eating for two years, followed by my fear of my bf's stepdad (he has bipolar/suicide issues), followed by two separate deaths of friends, followed by health problems

My issues: My boyfriend's stepdad has threatened to burn their house down and shoot himself and I am constantly freaking out about my bf and his little sister being killed by this man I see as a monster. If I can't contact them right away I have a panic/anxiety attack and assume they are dead and he killed them.
- In the last two years I had two friends I grew up with both killed separately in car crashes. Now anytime my family members or my bf drive somewhere I freak out about them crashing and usually try to get them to check in with me when they arrive or I'll call them while they are driving to check on them and if they don't pick up I will freak out. It has gotten to the point where I check traffic apps across the state to make sure they are okay. Or I will check instagram activity and see if they liked pictures or check facebook messenger and see when they were last active just to see some sort of sign they are alive if I can't get them to call/text back. 
-I was exposed to rabies early this summer and had to get many shots. Thats when my hypochondria started. It has only gotten worse because several months after that I started getting swollen lymph nodes in my neck. They have increased in frequency and now I have 10 palpable ones. I also have them in my abdomen and groin. They have persisted about 5 months now. I realize this is something to worry about for real and have been seeing an oncologist/ENT and they said there is a possibility of lymphoma. Scary, but my anxiety is making this 100000 times worse! 
-I added the eating disorder thing for background. It is only recently not impacting my life anymore. But may be helpful for responses. 

I just feel that all these things and my anxiety is taking a toll on my health and wellness and my life altogether to the point where I am considering medication. I am a Christian but right now I am struggling with just using prayer to heal me. I believe God made smart people and those people helped make medicines that can help us. I am just wary of using anti-anxiety medications as I have heard the cons. Just wondering what y'all's experience is? Thanks!If you're on medication, what made you decide to get on it and how has your experience been?Anyone here taking this? My doctor recently switched me from Remeron to Amitriptyline. I'm one week in at 25mg and am supposed to increase it 25mg every week until I get to 100mg. It's really upset my stomach, really queasy and gassy. Anyone else have this problem or how is the drug working for you?Amitriptyline?I've found that waking up a little earlier (so yes, going to sleep earlier) has a big impact on my anxiety and mindset during the day. By waking up before most people, I find the world to be much more peaceful and quiet, which can be rare. I am able to wake up more slowly instead of forcing myself into this loud, erratic world. I relish my morning workout when nobody is in the gym, but I understand not everyone has this type of energy in the morning. 

Regardless, for those of us with social anxiety, starting your day in a more quiet and calm atmosphere really sets the tone for a more peaceful day.Try waking up earlier.Hello, r/Anxiety

I have wanted to post some pieces of my own story here for a long time and it seems that I've finally gotten around to actually sit down and type away. Or maybe I'll just change my mind and delete all of this. If you're reading this, I haven't. Obviously.

For the sake of the question I want to ask, I'll have to tell you a bit about myself. I'll turn 18 in February and I've struggled with depression, generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety and PTSD for almost four years. To be honest, I'm not really sure when exactly it all started, I just know that everything has changed since then. I find it also important to note that I'm a very rational person, pragmatic, I tend to explore all possible outcomes of a choice or action. Some might call this 'overthinking', but it's part of what keeps me from committing suicide.
I've little to no self esteem left, but I don't cover up my scars or half-healed wounds. That's sort of the only thing about myself that I can accept and live with (except for those moments when I beat myself up for not cutting deep enough). Other than that I cannot come up with a thing about myself that I'm okay with or even *like*. I am aware of my loneliness (even though I cannot talk about it or say the word out loud when I'm not alone) and I have thoroughly thought about my condition, how depression and anxiety affect me and I have read a lot about mental illnesses and the psychological scientific background.

But as things progress, change inevitably happens. It always takes some time and good talks with my therapist to get adjusted to it, but these days I'm at a loss. Important lesson: locking up your emotions is a *bad* idea. But I did that and somewhere in the back of my mind I fed my feelings to a monster that threatens to break out of its cage and it's getting worse. Some days I'm perfectly numb but anxious and tense, then something happens or my mood shifts and trying to fight that monster off gives me one hell of a headache and I still feel it claw at me. Can't be helped though, so I do everything in my power to control it and keep it far enough away to function in daily life.

Anyway, I wanted to ask a question. I need help understanding what happens to me since this is something new. Last week was the first time in months that I bought myself a bottle of cheap 7% alcohol which is the best I can get since I don't like wine and I'm not 18 yet. So I got drunk and - this time way more intense than ever before - I had the feeling of waking up from a dream and finally being ME again. Not numb, restricted *me*. Not tense, socially awkward *me*. And not the cheerful, cocky *me* I was before. But it was glorious. I still wasn't 100% there, I guess I need something stronger than 7% to kick down the walls around my locked up emotions entirely but it was as close as I've got in a *long* time.
Now I'm sober again and I feel like ... not me, I guess? I don't know. Most of the time I don't really know what I'm feeling, I don't even know what I want. This is so strange. I've lost all control over myself, I cannot get up to do the most mundane tasks. Since it's a prerequisite for the school I want to go to, I'm currently working, and I have the best job I could possibly have, helping refugees. 21 hours per week is not much at all, I have plenty of free time, but getting to work for my 4-4,5h of work is nearly impossible every morning. I feel completely out of control, like I'm falling and the impact is imminent.

But what is this strange 'not-me' feeling? Is it because I've pushed away my emotions? I feel like I'm constantly fighting off something. If I don't watch out I'll go insane. Well, I already sound nuts, so it's probably too late. My parents don't believe me when I say that I'm *never* okay, that I'm really, seriously not fine. And my psychologist - though I really like her - simply looks concerned when I tell her that I don't know what to do and that I feel like my strength will be drained completely very soon. But apparently she, too, doesn't believe me.

And I feel like I'm floating away entirely. What's happening to me?

(So this has gotten really long, I apologize for that. Please don't judge me and don't answer if you're going to say something harsh, because it kills me. I'm not used to being all open and talking about emotional stuff (even though I want to). Thanks in advance.)
A Question about... some sort of Depersonalization, maybe?Hi guys. New poster. Never really dealt with anxiety; I mean, sure, I get stressed, but I'm in college, I'm supposed to be stressed. It's never really manifested the way it did today.

I haven't slept since 6 am yesterday because I have so many deadlines this week. I was about to meet one of the deadlines I've spent a week agonizing over, was running late this morning, my print for my class failed, I was late to class, and something just snapped. I threw my stuff down; thought I was gonna puke, couldn't breathe... Spent an hour and a half in the bathroom trying to calm down and I couldn't. I was hyperventilating and I couldn't breathe and I thought I was going to puke or pass out or both and I couldn't feel my fingers at all. This was an hour and a half ago. I'm mostly breathing fine, but I can't stop crying and I'm making an appointment with a counselor because that scared the bejezus out of me and I never want to feel that way again. But I know I will because it's only that one class that I'm stressed out about. I can't drop the class either because 1- the semester is halfway over and I already paid for it and 2- it's required for my major to graduate... I don't know what to do and every couple of minutes the crying is started anew. This is really scary and I'm trying to calm down but I've never had a panic attack or had to deal with what happens after the panic attack and I'm scared.Had my first-ever panic attack today and I'm feeling weirdWondering if anyone can help me, for just over a week I have been waking up nervous, but I have nothing to be nervous about. I get a sore stomach/cramps, which leads to me feeling sick or needing to be sick. Then when I get to work and settle in, I'm fine? I've ruled out any bugs I've caught or food poisoning. I have always been a nervous and worried person quite an introvert, but I have never seen it as being anxious. I suppose I've never known what it is. Please advise if you can because this is awful. It makes me not want to get up in the morning :( Don't know how to describe how I'm feeling and think it might be anxiety?It seems to be a recurring thing. I was working on my art piece today and part of it snapped (a small part of it made of wood) and then from that point on, I just began to have a internal meltdown. On the outside I looked fine but on the inside... man. Like it's the smallest little thing that you know, can be fixed in 5 minutes or so. For me it led to a internal crying session for an hour while I just stared at the wall...dAE get internal meltdowns over the tiniest of things?I always either want to run away or punch something. Nothing much in between.Fight or Flight: My Two Modes of LivingI've been getting panic attacks all my life. Sometimes there are big droughts and sometimes it goes on for months at a time.
Up until a few months ago my panic attacks were few and far between and I could control them quickly, but they seem to have evolved or something of the sort.

My old panic attacks were usually triggered by a skipped heart beat or something like that and I would quickly gather myself after a quick, half-second freak out. Now, the thing I'm freaking out over is my intake of oxygen. Even though it's a completely automatic function of the body, lungs taking in oxygen, I think to and it feels sometimes that I'm not actually getting any. Then my heart rate jumps up and I start hyper ventilating and the panic gets worse from there.

The reason for these new panic attacks I believe come from 2 sources.

1. I have lost a decent amount of weight recently and I'll feel like I need to be more out of breath than I am when I do something physically. I guess my mind hasn't caught up to how much my body has changed.

2. My friends dad (in his 50's) just died of a heart attack and he was pretty healthy. So a lot of what I think about now is that my heart is just going to stop. Which, obviously it could but it's not practical to think this way.

I have gotten better at pushing through them and I think it's just going to take a while to get over these new ones. Also, I'm trying to stay away from medicine and just trying to get by on my own.

I guess I'm not really asking for help, just stating what I'm going through. I'm new to this subreddit and have read some of the breathing techniques which I'm going to try out in the future. I also want to try meditation or something along those lines.New form of panic attacks for meSo for several months i've been battling some terrible bouts of anxiety and its been taking its toll on me mentally and physically. The only thing that holds me together truly is my boyfriend of eight years. Three weeks ago he went up to his cabin which is 5 hours away, just for the weekend (fri - sunday, came back that monday). I was a MESS. I barely ate, anxiety was at a CONSTANT , from the moment i fell asleep to the moment I woke up. And then he came back and all settled back to normal.

Now he's gone again for the week as he wanted to spend some time up there hunting. He's there with his mom and uncle. Some of you might ask "well okay, why don't ya just go with him". I have gone for just a weekend before, but I can't  take off from work that much. Also being up there makes me very anxious too since his dad passed away at that cabin back in July (the main reason why my stress returned).

I thought I could handle myself this time, but i'm breaking and I can't find a way to truly calm myself down and relax. He's sort of my crutch that I use to be truly calmed and relaxed. I feel so helpless too because I can't just tell him to leave early, I would feel too bad about it. I try to encourage myself with things like "this is the LAST time he's going up before winter" or "okay, only blahblahblah more days", or "this many more sleeps". I slept maybe two hours last night because I'm just afraid to sleep alone / without him. Also another good thing is he gets phone service at the cabin itself and the town that he sometimes drives to which is a half hour from the cabin. It's not much but at least I can communicate sometimes to him. Ive been trying to keep calm and hide how ive been feeling though which i'm sure isn't the best thing, but I just want to allow him his space to be up there and hunt without worrying about me.

Luckily I'm off from work today so I should be feeling relaxed, right? Wrong. I feel so on edge, I keep clenching my stomach and my heart rate is up. I just HATE being alone and really just need a hug and need to be told that everything will be okay. I wish I wasn't so attached to him and I keep feeling like i'm getting better when he's around, and when he's not, I just fall off the deep end. 
I dont know how i'm going to get thru the rest of this week :(Separation anxiety when my boyfriend leaves to the mountains.It's the end of uni semester. I have a week left and a huge amount of work to complete.

The first attack was in the shower thinking about a presentation I have on Thursday &amp; then I had three more, all on the freeway on different days. I pulled over twice, the third passed quickly. 

My boyfriends dad had a heart attack a fortnight ago, my mum just got diagnosed with bipolar &amp; personality disorder, my cat will not shut up at night amongst other things.

Panic attacks are horrible... It's like there's cold ants climbing all over me and I began shaking so violently today I thought I was going to have to stop in the service lane to recover.


I'm so scared it will happen again. I've booked a doctors appointment &amp; my boyfriends driving me in for my last class.This week I started having panic attacks.I'm (24 M) constantly blushing during social interactions. It makes it difficult to concentrate on what other people are saying and I usually end up trying to escape the interaction. Eating a meal around a table or while I'm at work using a till is the worst. I even blush when I'm on my own sometimes. 

I blush when I'm talking to close friends and family and even though I am a confident person on the inside this physical symptom is the one thing that brings me down. If I didn't have to deal with this symptom I would be infinitely more confident. 

Does anybody have any experience with this symptom of anxiety and if so can you tell me of a good way to stop it from happening? Also any medication that you could recommend would be great.

BlushingI have recently had a break down due to a overwhelming number of situations in which I finally decided to get help. I'm so thankful for it as well. She has brought so many things to my attention that I just thought was normal... Anyways I am a student and work two jobs. It's hard but it's finally became a routine so it's not to bad, but My body constantly feels the need to run away. I constantly feel the need to throw my phone and computer out the window and leave. I'm not sure how to deal with this constant anxiety and wanting to shut down from my life. Any help would be so helpful! I'm new and still learning how to cope with anxiety! 
(Ps. Sorry if this is so scrambled, it's my first post.)
Fear of shutting down.Every time i have a some little pain, i associate it with all kinds of things. Or maybe someone else has something and i'm scared of it happening to me. I have a lot of anxiety on this regard. Please help guys. Can someone suggest something? This is happening every day but it can't seems to go away even if i try not to think about it.i'm afraid of diseasesAs title says, I had a strange panic attack. Usually I just get jumpy, have double vision, and sometimes it feels like my legs fall asleep. But last night I had double vision, laid down to sleep it off, and slept for about 2 hours. When I woke up about 2 hours later, I felt like I was drunk. I staggered around the house, was super dizzy, and sent strange texts to a friend (mostly telling them about the weirdness, but not to worry. Also, I'm on Ativan, a mood stabilizer, and two antidepressants, so I'm sure that played a factor.

TLDR Have any of you had a panic attack that made you feel drunk?Strange Panic Attack Last nightI live in a very bad neighborhood in the city-a neighborhood where the cops are here at least once a week for various reasons. I'm also 18 and living with my mom. Lately my anxiety has increased about being home alone at night, which I believe is because my somniphobia (fear of sleep) has recently become more severe. My mom works nights, which in this case isn't very good. I stay up all night worried and listening for noises of any possible break in. I get worried that someone will see that our car isn't in its parking space and they will strike thinking nobody is home. I think that my main fear is that I'm worried that I won't know what to do? My room is upstairs and all I have to protect myself is a small stun gun and mace that I keep in my purse. My dog is just a 2 year old mini schnauzer who doesn't so anything besides bark, so she doesn't offer any protection. When I get scared I shut and lock the door to my room, but besides that I'm left terrified of what could possibly happen next. I don't know how to cope with this fear but it's exhausting. I just want to feel safe. scared of my house getting broken intoHey! I know that the only way to find out for sure is by going to a doctor and I'm not asking anyone for a diagnosis, I'm just unsure whether or not my worries are justified or not and it's really making life difficult!

Anyway, a bit of background information. As a teen (around 15) I was diagnosed with severe depression and my thinking was severely affected. I just didn't really understand what was happening to me and felt very isolated and alone. I wasn't sleeping well or eating much and was put on antidepressants after a period of self harm and suicidal ideation. After a while, though I remained pretty lonely and low I began acting a bit more eccentrically; I would dress quite provocatively (aka I went through a Goth phase), socialised much more than I had when depressed and had a huge increase in confidence. This lasted perhaps a year or so and by the age of 17 I'd say I'd settled into what was a fairly normal teenage boy; occasionally depressed and a little lonely, but functioning and nothing of major concern.

Then at 18 I started smoking marijuana frequently, and I took cocaine a handful of times and LSD once. I would say I became psychologically dependent on weed, it made me feel good and I felt a bit down when I wasn't smoking. When I went to university age 19 I cut down quite considerably, smoking somewhere between once a week and once a fortnight, but during the summer holidays back to everyday smoking. I guess I could say I got accustomed to living my life stoned. 

Towards the end of this summer holiday however, I began feeling tense, anxious and panicky when I smoked, and felt some derealization, and so I decided to quit in mid-September. For the first three weeks or so I felt really good, my confidence and productivity went up and I was feeling very good about my life. However, about 3 weeks ago, I experienced a panic attack during class and felt really unusual (sounds became much louder and everything felt very bright, I began worrying that I was "going insane", and I was extremely anxious). Ever since then I've been very worried that I'm in the early stages/prodromal phase psychosis and that I'm losing my mind. I've experienced a few more anxiety attacks since then and all involve the same sort of thing (the derealization and dissociation, intense anxiety and worry about my mental state, hypersensitive senses). In addition to this, I've began noticing that I'm generally "not feeling quite myself", I'm worried my memory isn't what it should be and my attention and concentration - though they've never been fantastic - have really diminished. 

Subsequently, I started taking online tests and reading up about prodromal psychosis and I am extremely worried that I may develop it. Although I have "insight" (ie, I am aware of these changes, whereas you might expect someone in acute psychosis to be aware of their condition), I keep reading that you can retain your insight during early phases and that they can be characterized by all the symptoms I've described. Plus I'm not sure if the visual disturbances I get when I'm anxious (blurred vision, sensitivity to light, difficulty focusing my eyes) could possibly count as mild visual hallucinations. I try to convince myself that I'm suffering from health anxiety, but the overlap of symptoms makes it so difficult to get the thought out of my head! I've seen my doctor who seems to think it's anxiety, which was reassuring momentarily, but after a few hours I felt like she had missed something (admittedly I don't think I explained myself very well). 

So to summarize (and I'm really sorry this turned into a bit of an essay, I just wanted to make sure I covered everything, sorry!), my symptoms are: general feeling of worry and unease as though something's "not quite right" almost constantly for the past 3 weeks; occasional panic attacks with derealization, dissociation, blurred vision/difficulty focusing eyes/sensitive to bright light and sound and intense worry that I'm going to "go mad"; difficulty with concentration, memory and attention; some mood swings (occasional feelings of deep sadness to the point of crying and feelings of carefree happiness, both of which last for usually no more than 1 hour); previous frequent use of cannabis having quit in the past month and very rare use of cocaine and LSD; feelings of isolation and loneliness. In addition I have a family history of mental illness ranging from depression and anxiety to bipolar disorder.

If anyone has any insight or similar experiences or suggestions I'd be more than happy to hear them! Again, I'm not here looking for a diagnosis, just to see if it sounds like my worries are justified or not. 

TLDR; started having panic attacks recently characterized by derealized and worry that I'm "going mad", can't escape the thought I'm in early-stage psychosis.anxiety, psychosis, cannabis cessation or hypochondriaIm a substitute teacher. Last week I was in for a middle school science teacher, and today the secretary at the school informed me that the main teacher was not pleased with how things went.

Im not really sure what went wrong- I kept her "in the loop" and emailed her daily reports of how the students were doing. I emailed the teacher just now to see what her concerns were, and it's so hard to keep yourself waiting for an email that could decimate your career yknow?

I want to think it's nothing too serious (maybe just a little misunderstanding) but if she told the secretary then it has to be at least somewhat important, right?!

Tldr: substitute taught for a teacher all last week, heard from secretary that main teacher has some concerns she'd like to bring up with me. Worried it may be more serious than I thoughtTrying to remind myself everything is going to be okSo over the past couple of weeks my anxiety has been plaguing me with a vengeance, especially at night. It's led me to lose a lot of sleep and I've been generally quite exhausted. On top of that, I've just started juggling a part time job with a full time degree, so things are super busy.The best time ever for anxiety to rear its head!

Last night, things really came to a head. Despite being absolutely exhausted, I couldn't get to sleep until about 4am due to worry and feeling generally awful. I was due to be up for work at 6:30, but I just couldn't face it. I'm tired, I feel so anxious and ill, and I just can't function properly today. 

My workplace is generally very chill and I'm on a zero hours contract, so I was able to take the day off without any repercussions. However, I've been overcome with guilt all day about staying home. I feel weak, like a failure, and like everyone is judging me for letting this get the better of me. I'm scared that my SO (who works at the same place I do) will look down on me and be disappointed that I took the day off (even though he's been nothing but supportive of me in the past and I have no reason to think he'd react this way). I'm worried that anxiety isn't a "serious" enough issue to take days off, and that I'm just being pathetic.

I guess I'm just looking for some reassurance here. Has anyone else ever taken a sick day due to anxiety? Is it a "good" enough reason for me to take time off? I just feel so shitty right now!  Feeling guilty and Weak After taking a sick day due to anxietyI have struggled with anxiety since I was a kid; I remember my parents used to bring me to counselors to help my anger and anxiety. I can remember being invited to birthday parties and throwing out the invitations on the ride home, because I didn't want to go. I had my first real panic attack at 16 and have had them on and off for many years, though I will say my anxiety never really limited me; at least on the surface. I managed to graduate college but due to unrelated medical ailments I didn't have a job for a few years, only part-time work. I am now healthy and have a 'great career' but now I find myself rather trapped because I am in a career (in training on the job) that is notoriously high stress and I feel it is negatively impacting my health due to stresses. In addition, due to the nature of the job (medical clearances) I am not allowed to take most medications that could potentially help me; though admittedly I don't believe that is the answer. Originally the job sounded cool, and I am not against it, but I had people tell me I personally would not like it due to it's high stress nature and my past history of stresses. I felt maybe it was me trying to impress people with a job title and now I am lost as to why I am here. I am seriously considering withdrawing from the position, but I am going to seek therapy first. I currently take no medication and am otherwise 100% healthy. Does anyone have any experience dealing with something similar? Any help greatly appreciated.Anxiety my whole life - should I quit my job?I'm not sure if I am just paranoid but I get a vibe that they just don't want to be around me. Like I annoy them. I am not sure if it is anxiety playing games with me or if people genuinely don't want to be around me. It sort of makes me want to just isolate myself like right now.

Does anyone else feel like this?I feel as though I annoy anyone I speak to at University.Hey everyone 

Just wanted to share that I've weaned myself off lexapro over the last few months and I've been off the stuff for a week or so. I'm feeling pretty good. 

I hope you're all doing ok

Love
One week off lexapro and feeling okI'm looking for something that'll calm me down somewhat, but don't want to immediately go for Xanax or something like that.

Something like calming pills, magnesium, creams? What did you find that helps you?What are some off the shelf supplements that help you?I tried it for a month years ago, but my symptoms weren't that bad at the time and I opted to deal with them dry. I've learned that SSRIs don't help me at all and actually make me worse, so I got my hands on some buspirone. I'm aware it doesn't work for everybody but it seemed to work a tad before I quit last time I was on it, and I tolerated it well. So please feel free to tell me a success story involving buspirone. Any success with buspirone?We're in Japan for two weeks. So far, I've been triggered by a 6.6 earthquake, mysterious mosquito bites, and general agoraphobia. We're exactly halfway through as I write this. I've gotten a bit better, but I still writhe with anxiety almost constantly. 

I saw a therapist before we left, and I am going to see her as soon as I get back. But, this is a constant struggle. 

My husband is amazing and patient with me, but I hate the fact that my anxiety has made our honeymoon much harder than it needed to be. I have apologized to him, and he explained that he wants to go on adventures with me, without my anxiety even after all this. 

8 days left, and I am obsessed with whether or not my insect bites will get infected and go septic. 

Damn it. I wish I could have tried meds before we left. 

Any advice for getting through this with grace?Anxiety is making our Honeymoon a StruggleAs someone who suffers from health anxiety I wanted to ask your guys opinion on asking a doctor for scans. For example, I've been having some minor headaches recently, probably due to my heavy use of caffeine recently, but my anxiety makes me think that it's an aneurysm. Is it okay for me to ask my doctor to refer me for a CT scan to set my mind at ease? Do you think it's inappropriate? I'm also anxious about wasting everyone's time on me if there's nothing there. Thank you all for your time and your advice!Asking doctors for scans...Hello everyone. I hope this is the right sub for this kind of question.

For the past two-three years I've been suffering from anxiety prior to and during tests.

It all started when I failed a math exam I thought I would ace. It was the first time I failed a test in my life. I didn't prepare for it as I should have, so maybe I deserve it.

Every other math exam since, I get too nervous to solve questions properly and mess up, even if I understand the material and can solve the questions at home.
Fortunately, I didn't experience it during exams of any of the other subjects in school.

It came back with a fury during my driving license test. I failed three times, even though in the lessons I drove flawlessly.

And an hour ago, I failed a motorcycle driving test. I didn't even make any mistakes, the fucker failed me because he thought I looked scared and wobbly. I was scared, and nervous, but I still performed better than I thought I would. To be fair, I understand his reasoning, but this shit doesn't happen in lessons, and I know I *can* succeed, I have the skills required, but this fear keeps holding me back.

Last night I had a hard time going to sleep.

I have to get rid of this problem if I want to move forward with my life. I can drive both car and motorcycle without any issues, and even though I dislike math, I do well enough. I can't get around freely without a license, and I can't go to college unless I fix my math score, which I tried in May, only to fail again.

Every failure makes the fear stronger, which leads to more failure. I'm sick and tired of this bullshit, and I have no one to blame for it but myself.

 How do I beat it?How do i get rid of test anxiety/fear?This happens to me all the time. I'll be taking my medicine in the morning and think to myself "You're not even that bad, you are literally just invalidating other people's anxiety by taking this" etc etc. I feel that I'm never anxious enough even though that's the reason I have the beta blockers in the first place

Another thing I feel that cause I don't have the stereotypical idea of panic attacks that I don't get them. I have had a time when I couldn't control my breathing, I was crying and I felt that I was in a locked box. It always worries me that I'm invalidating anxiety for others because I have it but don't seem too. I'm sorry this is really long and ranty. Thanks for getting this farDAE feel as though their anxiety isn't valid enough?When I was young I had that feeling like I could beat everything life wanted to put me into. Just hitted my chest, let a scream go and just carry on. Then, I had 4 relathionships with toxic people in a row, one of them abusive, a chronic disease for 10 years now (even if it's almost gone if I take the medication), and a lot of failures in college and sports.  I even had to drop one grade in college since the anxiety I had when I went to class was too much.
And the feeling it's gone. I don't feel that I can do anything.
You can say that my life right now it's a good one. I have an amazing partner by my side that it's always helping me, the illness  its almost gone, and my parents are always helping me with this new grade. 
I feel like a nuisance. I don't even want to go to the doctor because I don't have a job since I'm studying again, and I don't want my parents to pay it, since they are paying my college and it's pretty expensive. I don't want my boyfriend to know the shitty mess that I'm now (I think he knows it, but not all the dimensions of it). 
I can't just pick up my pieces and start again. I lost that feeling. Living all the time with this ball of everything that I can feel in my stomach, making me want to just curl in the floor and don't move at all until it pass, that will be never.
I don't know what else to do. I know the theory, I read it, watch it all. I went to the doctor when I was younger, before the guilt for all the things people pay for me started to grow, and it was useless. I can't just find a job and let it go, because I will be guiltier for all the wasted money. 
I just want to have the will to give it one more try, before give up and curl in the floor for the rest of my life I guess.I just Can't do it.Hi all,

I'm unsure if I'm experiencing social anxiety or some form of paranoia. Basically Ive been dealing with OCD and the fear that I might develop schizophrenia. Its been going on for the last 8 weeks. I've become extremely self conscious around people, I worry about whether or not I look odd or seem abnormal. I worry about my speech, my presentation, the way I write (basically all the ways in which I could be perceived). There's one thought in particular that worries me a bit. I get nervous that I may be acting strange and people don't want to tell me because they feel sorry for me. I worry when people are quiet around me. I worry about what my coworkers think of me. I have been speaking to a few people online and when they don't reply back to me I start worrying that they must think I'm weird and don't want to get to know me. I don't necessarily think anyone is out to get me, I just worry that most people think I'm a lost cause and aren't telling me. I'm pretty sure this is connected to my fear of schizophrenia. Everyone at my work place knows I've been dealing with anxiety too so I feel a bit ashamed :(

Does anyone experience similar issues? I know these thoughts are irrational and I shouldn't care about what other people think but I can't seem to shake the thoughtsWhats wrong with me?I'm having constant attacks. I can't explain what I'm going through to my parents. And I feel like shit for putting my parents through this. I feel suicidal and I'm afraid. I can't think straight. I'm tired. I can't breathe. I feel like I'm a bad child. My hands are shaky. 
I just wanted to rant. Thanks.I feel worthless.Anyone who has dropped out of school please let me know how you know it was the right choice. Thanks!!!
I was supposed to finish the semester and apply somewhere else but now I don't think I can finish the semester. Well, it hasn't gotten to the point where I have had breakdowns or physically am incapable but I know what it's like and I want to stay away from that. 
I hate this school too, not the actual college experience, so I would apply again to somewhere better. But if I quit now am I just being selfish and wasting money? Must I finish the semester as a way of deserving to attend a better school? I feel bad. 
But I also know that if I push through this semester I won't come out stronger for having toughed it out. I'll be weathered, weak, broken, with a lot of attitudes and knowledge that I need to relearn, as happens when you put someone in the wrong place. Its so fucking hard everyday but it's not yet that I can't, just that I really don't want to. As I type this its three am and I've got important exams tommorow but I can't feel anything. I also feel so strongly in my gut that I want to go home. But I feel like a shame if I do for wasting all this money but also my health should be important. 
Also this is dumb but I hate some people here and I don't want to let them "be rid" of me. I want them to have to fucking put up with me and it would be like a personal victory ( I know that sounds bad but they're assholes and I have problems processing people healthily ok ) so just please some advice I'm so alone and if this place is causing me some of the worst periods of my existence must I stay and put myself through more? Is it ok to bow out? Can there be honor in knowing what is right for me and trying to focus on that instead? Pls and thnx. Am I a quitter for dropping out of college( please respond I just need someone to listen)I'm sure people post here for reassurance all the time, but there is just something comforting in knowing that I'm not the only one has been through this type of anxiety. So when I was about 14 or 15 I had an untreated condition called WPW where my heart beats extremely fast then stops once I calm down, well one day it didn't calm down and was beating extremely fast for a long time. Anyways, I went to the hospital was in ICU for awhile eventually had the procedure, went for check ups, everything is fine. My anxiety from that situation sky rocketed and I was 16 years old thinking I was having heart attacks, going to have a stroke, or had a brain tumor. So that situation led into an intense drug/alcohol addiction for years, eventually got my stuff together and have been clean for 2 years this Sunday. My life is great, I have a gf who I love, I hike long distances once maybe 2 times a month, was running 2 plus miles everyday for awhile this summer, no heart issues. Until recently I started having heart palpitations frequently, and it's really just freaking me out. I tell myself there normal, that I'm physically active, if I were going to have a heart attack or something it would've happened when I was hiking, skateboarding, or running. But I've been obsessing about it and just want to talk to some people that understand where I'm coming from or have had similar issues, maybe give me some advice.Heart anxietyThis post isn't much but I thought some of you lost in the same mess as I've been in might possibly  appreciate what my therapist told me today. I have recently been on the front lines of my own panic, ideation, and disrealization given stressful events occurring over the past few weeks. Beginning therapy again was absolutely necessary for me. 

Something I heard loud and clear was the fact that those of us with intrusive thoughts, pent up panic or anger and overwhelming physical reactions to stress need to work hard on retraining our brains. 
Our brains are perfectly designed to be rewired with perseverance. Don't expect overnight results, take things slowly and push yourself ever so slightly more every day to objectively perceive things around you. It took a long time to become as anxious as you are so it's reasonable to expect it to take a while to heal. 
All of those things you reassure yourself with, thoughts like "I'm not crazy. "  or "life is good." Or "I'm not sick." challenge yourself to genuinely view them as reality rather than simple reassurances. 
This is huge if you're like I am (more so on the OCD side of the anxiety spectrum) and rely on reassurance and outside mantras to try and cope. 
We have to learn to truly know, at the core of our own self awareness, that we are much better off than we realize. 

Regardless of my own issues currently driving me up the wall, part of the reason I wanted to post this here in the first place is because I wanted to let you know that whatever is happening right now to you, you aren't alone one bit in the search for stability 

CBT session sloppy seconds for Obsessive Compulsive anxietyOk I am having some emotional problems and I am wondering if these are symptoms of anything? 
I am at a college I really hate and I am supposed to stick it out for one semester. It's not a great place so I'm pretty down. But that can change the next day. Suddenly I am so motivated to do work and succeed and show the haters wrong. Like mania, where I think I can do anything. Then by the next hour, I haven't slept at two am and anxiety eats me up and I am falling apart. These mood swings happen so violently but they don't last say days to months as they do with bipolar for example. But they basically swing back and forth and I don't know if I am maybe am just very volatile or neurotic? What are these symptoms?This is more on the social anxiety side of things, but I have trouble conversing with any new people I meet. I begin mind reading, and think they dislike me off the bat, that i'm boring, and their reactions will always be negative. 

These feelings and thoughts do dissipate however after a few weeks with the same person or people. I grow comfortable. My therapist suggested I start going around making small talk with people, anyone that I can, just so I can face my feeling of anxiousness head on and practice. 

It's a lot harder for me to meet new people; I'm fresh out of college, and working a full time job. What are some good ways or places to go to get my small talk practice in.

TL;DR Need ideas on where to go or how to approach talking to new people. (practice)Fear of small talk..Hi Reddit,

I've written my fair share of posts (had to delete them all for personal reasons about a week back) and I've discovered that while writing, my anxiety seems to fade slightly. I'm having quite a bad turn at the minute so I'm just gunna ramble on for a bit, ask a few questions, speak my mind just to ease my mind a little...

So today I went round a friends house who has suffered with anxiety and a lot of other mental health issues for about 10 years (Honestly one of the nicest people I've ever met) we had a few drinks and he had a big bag of drugs he'd been prescribed in the past and I had a little look through, ended up taking some tramadol as I know they're good for sleeping as well as efficient painkillers. 

Now when I got home I started feeling really anxious, so I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep. About half hour ago I popped a tramadol, almost instantly after I got scared as I remembered my friend telling me he takes tramadol before he drinks as it fucks him up and I had been drinking earlier.

I don't really feel any different at the minute, I'm dog sitting for a friend and the dog being asleep next to me is really comforting, even though it keeps farting. 

I'd also like to share a few of my strange symptoms with anxiety, maybe some of you can shed some light on my situation:

1: Everything around me feels as though it's shaking when I'm overly tired and I shut my eyes even though I'm perfectly still.

2: I wake up in the middle of the night and when I close my eyes again, I get the most random, weirdest thoughts you can think of (I imagine my friends voice singing to me, or I imagine my mum laughing or my friends dog barking) This scares me sometimes. 

3: When I'm with somebody all day, when I leave them sometimes the thoughts in my head are in their voice! (This has happened twice, today and about a week ago)

So yeah, I was wondering if anybody else has experienced any of these symptoms, or maybe has another strange symptom they'd like to share. 

Sorry for the long ramble, I'd really fucking appreciate it if somebody would reply to this, I'm on edge at the the minute, I need to keep typing to keep my mind off this shit. Thanks people.  Just looking to get my mind off of things...2016 has been both the worst year of my and many others lives and for good reason. Never have I been so afraid about what's going to happen to us in the future than I am now. 

All I've been hearing in the news are terrible things that could happen to us in as little as 10 years or less. Every day I am reminded about the existence of climate change when watching TV, on the bus, and when being here on Reddit. All I've heard about is how we're all essentially doomed and that things like wars are going to start happening as the earth becomes so hot we're forced to fight for resources. I hear about things like the sea level rising and how my city would go underwater and how temperatures as high as 60 degrees  (Celsius, keep in mind) would become the norm. This is absolutely terrifying and despite being told about this nothing is changing! I do my part when I can, though there isn't much I can do due to my lack of being able to vote, and I know for a fact that I'm making no difference. I can't go outside and see cars without getting a flood of fear and depression come over me. All I hear about is how the government is doing practically nothing and am forced to witness as what once was a completely forested mountain is now home to a brand new pipeline. People still pollute by driving cars everywhere, not making energy efficient choices, etc. - why does no one care?! 

This isn't the only thing that's scaring me, however. I've also been thinking about the possibility of something like nuclear warfare happening. I live in Canada, so you'd assume this wouldn't be something I'd be afraid of, but I still can't help but be worried about the United States being nuked even though I don't live there. I can't help but worry that my country would still become involved in war if it was to break out and how people would do things like drop bombs on us. It's terrifying, and all of this information about the current presidential election being thrown at my face at all times hasn't helped in the slightest. I worry about what's going to happen to humanity in the coming years and wonder if it's even worth living through the next decade or so to find out. Please help.The future scares meNot gonna write up a huge post or whatever I'm just annoyed at myself because I'm feeling anxious about health stuff I've read about recently like kidney infections and brain eating amoebas and diabetes and shit

Like I've had health anxiety my entire god damn life and I should know better by now but I still catch myself falling victim to itWhy do I continue to be so irrational?? I hate health anxietyHi I live in the UK and after a series of event i don't want to divulge have finally dedicated myself to formal treatment for a collection of disorders. Including Schizophrenia, Aspergers, Depression and, of course, Anxiety. My question is if i'm likely to receive medication and weather that medication is likely to have side affects. These are some of the anxieties i have preventing me from trying to get help.questionsI have to deal with Health Anxiety almost on a daily basis and it's mostly due to worries of having blood clots, pulmonary issues and pretty much any feeling in my body convinces me that I am experiencing something that may lead to death. Can't we live normal lives?.I just thwarted 3 panic attacks that came one after the other in a short period of time. Gotta love Health Anxiety! ...I want to say on a positive note, i am writing this than going to sleep to prevent this from happening. I will be okay. Tomorrow i will have a productive day and ill study and get ahead in my courses. 

I have spent the past 2 hours taking pictures of myself from all side angles and i truly think i might be ugly. I dont feel as if ill amount to anything. I have lost just about all meaningful relationships in my life besides my girlfriend of 2+ years and my parents/brother. I have a few friends ill go out with (under5)  the rest i avoid and have lost friendships with. Majority of the time im by myself scared of my future. Thats all i can write. Thanks for reading. Im on the verge of an anxiety attackAn internet friend messaged me out of the blue to tell me I've been upsetting them. It was a long time coming, honestly.

One thing they said, that I hadn't been expecting, was that they tried to be nice to me because they knew how bad my anxiety is. I felt awful reading that, bc I've been treating them like shit and they felt like they had to be good to me.

I admitted they were right and apologized for it, which they said they appreciated. After that I told them to let me know if they wanted me to unfollow them. 

It made sense in my head. Like, I need to back off if they want me to, and not try to pressure them into sticking with me. But now my mind is racing, questioning if it was too manipulative, self-deprecating, sympathy-seeking, etc

It's probably not a big deal, but my heart is racing honestly. Serious conversations scare me, especially over text Was this the right response?I'm not entirely sure if what I experience is anxiety or just my lack of resilience and personal strength. If something small goes wrong or there is something stressful in my life it becomes the ONLY thing in my life. I obsessively worry and stress over it, causing numerous breakdowns and I'm not sure if this is just because I feel as though I am 'lazy' or I have some form of anxiety. Even if logically I know the thing is not that bad/not something to stress so much about I cannot help it. I don't know if I am normal :( I'm not sure if what i have is anxiety or not?Hi,

This year hasn't been particularly great for me.
First I got some stomach problems and spent some time home.
Then I developed something that looks like an IBS.
Now asthma that I haven't had for 12 years has resurfaced.
My sleep quality has deteriorated. It became a habit for me to wake up at least 2 times a night and get cold at night.

In addition to all this I have developed some great anxiety over my health, for which I was taking therapy until asthma started.

I am the head of a small software company. It's a small company, so I'm the project manager for all the projects, plus I'm looking for new clients and have some projects of my own.

For last half of the year, I was working part time mostly, due to lack of motivation and my health anxiety as well.
Right now it's 6 am. I woke up 2 hours ago worrying about a project at work that is not going to meet the deadline.

I'm trying to understand the root cause of all my problems.
I feel like my life is falling apart.

My suspicions are:

* Some underlying health issue that's causing all of these.
* My health anxiety is causing my illnesses.
* Work is too stressful for me and I need to change the line of work.

Any ideas?Anxiety, work or health?This is going to be long probably. If you want to give feedback please do, advice or even just conversation so we can act like we are in the same boat. 

I suffer from (Un-Diagnosed) Anxiety and Depression. It gets worse everytime I think about it, which is pretty much everyday. I want help, but do not know how to seek it, and am just too depressed to get help, so I am posting online to see if anyone has anything to say. 

I am gonna start with my age, I am 18 Currently born on August 21st of 1998. Back in 1-5th grade I cared about being smart, I cared about myself, and I cared about my future. 6th Grade I got an xbox 360 for my birthday. It was cool. Too Cool... My grades dropped, and my cares dropped. All I could think about was Call of Duty. I played nonstop everyday, everynight. MY family noticed instantly, but never really did anything about it. Occaisonally I would hear them talking about me, and that I was addicted to it. I knew that I was, but did not care, or was too addicted to care. My grades went down to failing, and my teachers took notice. MY friends took notice as well. 7th Grade, and this was when my anxiety started to get bad. My grades were an all time low, somehow I passed 6th grade *I think my school bumped my grades* and my addiction worsened. Let's fast forward. 8th Grade I realized I had to stop, and played alot less. School got better for a short time. But then freshman year came along. I started the school year off terribly, first day I went in and slept through all my classes. My grades were terrible, not from xbox but just from myself not caring about my future. I made friends, and lived day by day, just to get to the next day. Softmore year, Grades were Ds and Cs at their highest. I moved houses, and was happy for a short time. Then I started to get incredibly depressed, and got a gaming pc at this time. I started sinking hundreds apon hundreds of hours on my pc. My family, would not even see me. I would go to school, come home go in my room play games till 3 am and go to bed for 3 hours before school. Junior year came along eventually, and this was when things took a turn for the worst. My anxiety kicked into overdrive, and my depression swiftly became crippling. I started skipping school, and using my pc as an escape. I wasted my days, because I did not want to remember anything. I did not want to see my family, friends, or anyone. I wanted to become this mindless drone, that lives in these online universes. School became something I hated so much, I began skipping the bus. My parents started fighting in junior year as well, and I think its my fault. My dad would leave because he never saw any of his kids, everytime he asked if I wanted to do something I said no, im playing my game. I drove him away. My mom would give me money, She knew i had problems but didnt and still doesnt know how bad they are, and that by giving me money she has been feeding it this whole time. I now was not going to school, seeing or talking to family, friends or anyone but ppl online. I then decided to stop going to school for about 3 months straight once I had learned that I was failing all my classes. I gave up hope. I just gave in. This "3 month" break, has turned into the worst my life has ever been. I am still a junior in highschool 2 and a half years after this happened. I have no even attempted to finish Highschool, or get a GED. I am now 18, I have too much anxiety to get my license, and all my friends are moving on, getting jobs, apartments, and onto great things. Since they graduated, I hang out with them as much as possible, one because I love them. They are closer to me then my own family. My parents divorced towards what would have been the end of my junior year. I hang out with my dad once a week, and my mom never. I live at home alone, while everyone works. I started online courses to get my graduation moving, but have dropped every single one of them. I cant bring myself to do it. My anxiety and depression have ruined my life, and I want to kms. The only reasons I dont is because I cant hurt the ppl I love, and because I want to see what happens next, but those excuses are running out, Im driving everyone away from me, my family thinks im a complete loser, and everyone from highschool thinks im a dropout who already killed himself. My close friends, of which i have had since 3rd-7th grade know me, but not of my problems. I just cant see myself getting my license, or a job, and no matter HOW FUCKING HARD i try to get over the complete bullshit that is anxiety and depression I CANT do it. I fail, and my problems get worse. There is more to my problems as well. Because I do nothing, and constantly and consitently use gaming or my pc as an escape, I lose sight of things around me, and trash builds and builds. MY desk gets covered in trash, and I have been sleeping on my couch for almost 3 months because my bedroom was so gross i couldnt handle it anymore. I dont clean, because It makes me look back on the time wasted, the time spent doing nothing. It literally makes me want to killmyself, when i just clean my own trash. My anxiety skyrockets and my depression deepens. I am a walking breathing void of anxiety and depression. I want nothing more then to escape this life. Repair relations with my family, and not regret every fucking action i take, including the action to continue living. I need help, but do not know how to get it, or where to get it. I am totally and completely hopeless, and see no end. I have nothing to live for, but to see what happens next, but that really isnt a reason to live.  I honestly doubt anyone will care enough to read this, or reply, but you never know, maybe this is what I need.Venting because I feel the need to get everything off my chest.So, today for lunch I decided to make some pasta with a jar of pesto I had in the fridge. I knew it had been unsealed in the fridge for some time (like a month), but after smelling it, giving it a visual inspection, and tasting a small amount, I decided it was pretty unlikely to have gone bad.

About an hour later, sitting at the computer at work, I started to get horrendously dizzy and nauseous and immediately thought of the pesto I had eaten. Naturally, I looked it up online and the main risk of consuming pesto that's been sitting for a while is botulism. Cue a massive panic attack which I mistook for mounting botulism symptoms.

After an hour or so of panicking, I went to the bathroom and everything was somewhat normal. Drinking water helped the dizziness to go away, though I still felt a little shaky. Most of my day has been fine and I've been able to eat a sandwich without throwing up. The only problem is that botulism apparently can take up to 36 hours to "kick in". It's been about twelve hours now and I'm absolutely terrified to go to sleep because there's a chance it will kick in overnight and it will be too late to catch it early before I suffer serious complications and/or have to be put on a ventilator and/or die. Please help?Ate food that could have been bad, now terrified of food poisoning.What options are there for hair/headcoverings for men with trichotillomania?So my girlfriend has been trying to convince me to see someone for my anxiety for months if not a year. Today I finally went and got prescribed Lexapro. I was told to start taking half a pill of 20mg for 1-2 weeks then go to 20mg. I am excited at the prospect of my Anxiety getting better, but I have read posts around the internet of horror stories with Lexapro and SSRIs in general. Like becoming a zombie or like no sexual ability whatsoever. I'm scared but hopeful I took my first pill today. Anyone have any words of advice or stories of their own experience? Thanks for reading!Started Lexapro todayI'm sorry for this long text... but I have to let it go :(

Okay here is the thing, the reason I have social anxiety is because since I was a kid I've always had some self image problems, I remember as a kid that I would look myself in the mirror and I wouldn't like what I see but what can a clueless kid know about? right?. Anyway when I was about 14 years old I heard for the first time so friends of mine say something like "is X as ugly as -my name-?" I was like okay who cares what they say. 

Sadly that was just the beginning, at that time I had to move to another school and things got much worse in there. I remember how other "friends" told me the same thing like "you're ugly" and without knowing anything I was already suffering from soxial anxiety since then hoewever I was still too naive to know anything, at that time I was like 16 years old. 

When I started college some friends also said the same thing... "you're ugly"... and at that time I got tired of it and tried to improve my looks, I hit the gym, fixed my teeth, started to wear better clothes, improved my posture and so on. These days I no longer hear those dreaded comments BUT I still don't like myself, I still look in the mirror and despise what I see, I still unconsciously say "you're so ugly, that's not enough to have a girlfriend", indeed if a girl is looking at me I just think they can't be looking at you, you're an ogre... yeah I know that's terrible I know I have to accept/love myself but I don't know how to do so.

I've looked into my anxiety for a long time and I've realized that the reason I'm like this is because of the tramatic experiences I had about the way I look. I know if I overcome this I can get rid of this anxiety but I don't know how. So basically here I'm asking you guys how can a person who is ugly or thinks he is ugly accept himself? How to accept myself if i'm ugly?Ok so for the last few weeks I have been getting a few dizzy spells each day that last 1-3 hours.  When they happen it's very sudden and is so bad sometimes that I almost fall over- even when I lay down it is still there.  I get heart palpitations, clammy hands, nausea and start to feel very tires after a while.  
I went to a Dr today, BP was fine and we checked blood sugar.  She said it is probably my anxiety but I just can't believe it! It causes issues at work (I stand all day) and even now I have been laying down since I got home from work and it just suddenly started.  
Can anxiety seriously cause this severe of dizziness?? How do I get it to lessen? My mind keeps telling me it's something crazy serious , even though the dr told me it's likely the anxiety.  I keep thinking I'm going to die or pass out or have a seizure or stroke or something.  Even now I have the dizziness and a slight headache and nausea!  
Can someone relate? What do you do to help it?? I am so scared!!!Need help pleaseI hate constantly living in fear of what's next.I've had anxiety issues for as long as I remember. Lately I have become very aware of how much tragedies happening to other people, even strangers, affect me a lot. Everytime I read about a horrible accident, shooting, natural disaster or other type of tragedy I often feel sick to my stomach and sonetimes cry especially if there are pictures. I obsess over the story constantly in my head putting myself in the deceased person's shoes. What were they thinking as they were dying... I keep putting myself in their families shoes. I constantly imagine how I would react in such a situation. I keep thinking about how unfair the world is. It's like a sick obsession and a single news story of an accidentit that happened far away.. can absolutely ruin my whole day. Sometimes i look for more info about the people like i cant allow myself to think of them as a statistic. They are a personand i should know that. My anxiety goes through the roof. Sometimes I can no longer go about my day. Is this even a little normal? It's normal to be upset about horrible stuff that happens in the world....but I haven't met anyone else that seems to be as affected. Ive had people send me graphic news videos of Syria for example and if I accidentally watch it haunts me forever. I dream about it.... Anyone else obsess this way?Being overly sensitive/empathetic(?) Causing a lot of anxietyI really don't like seeing my school counselor and I've avoided it for a year now, but now she's set up a mandatory meeting and now I'm forced to go tomorrow.

List of reasons why I don't like seeing my counselor:

- She makes me talk, and I hate talking. I'm terrible at talking and never know the right words to say. Sometimes I'll take long pauses (for up to a minute if the person I'm talking to lets it) trying to remember the right word.

- A consequence is that I can't remember what I was having problems about in the first place, and the counselor will awkwardly conclude the meeting because there's nothing more to talk about. Then later in the day I'll remember it and hate myself for it.

- I tear up at the slightest provocation, which doesn't help with the not-good-at-talking part. It's also very embarrassing because I'm this tall, fat guy who's sniveling like a child.

- I have this sick need for approval, and I'll agree with anything she says ("Are you ok with school?" "Yes") because I don't want her to hate me or judge me. It's not even voluntary.

- My misery comes and goes, and conveniently enough, it's never present when I'm meeting with my counselor. I'm always in a good mood when it's time for my meeting. So we talk about nothing, we get nothing done, and I end up feeling like I've wasted her time. (Even she seems to think so, because last year, she stopped having weekly meetings with me because I seemed to be "okay")

- Sometimes even I don't believe there's something wrong with me. All the time I think I'm just faking my misery, and that depression is just an identity I've built for myself just so I stand out from everyone else.

- And I can't talk about the stuff I really want to say, like wanting to die or disappear in general (a great improvement from last year, when I was actively suicidal). When she routinely asks if I've been self-harming or having thoughts of suicide, my automatic response is "no." I can't even speak a word about it, because self-harm is cause for breaching confidentiality, and if she were to tell my parents about this, I know they'll blame themselves for bad parenting when really it's all my fault. I'm also  high school senior working on college apps (I should actually be doing that rn, in fact), and I've heard that colleges don't like to have depressed/suicidal people in their classes.

I understand most of this is pretty necessary in counseling (especially the talking part), so I'd appreciate tips on how to behave myself better in a meeting with my counselor tomorrow.

I also apologize if this is the wrong subreddit to ask this.How to behave better in front of counselor?is there any way that I can try to overcome this stupid anxiety and worry that cripples me every single night? 
I worry too much, which causes me to lose sleep and I just want it to stop, but I don't know how to do ithow do i overcome obsessive worry?My anxiety has been through the roof lately, and had to quit my ADD meds suddenly due to a heart problem that has been diagnosed. Today I had an exam in an organic chemistry 2 class. I studied and felt prepared. Of course, the second I sit in my seat, I feel a panic attack building. I do deep breaths and try to calm myself down as best I can. Exam starts, and at this point I'm in full panic feeling, get dizzy and almost pass out several times. Twenty agonizing minutes in and halfway done, I have to step outside. I try to calm myself, but nothing works. I spend fifteen minutes in the hallway crying and breathing hard. I told myself I was okay, there's twenty minutes left in the exam and I need to finish. Even though I feel the same, I go back to my desk, and somehow finish the rest of the test in time, and shakily exit the classroom. My friend meets me out there when she finished, and I broke down when she asked me if I was okay. I don't usually take xanax, but had to in this case to fully calm down to normal. 


Yeah, I had a panic attack for the first time in the middle of an exam. Yeah, it was nearly impossible to get through and finish. But you know what? I finished it. And I am proud of myself for that, that even though my panic attack was at its peak and I felt the walls closing in and my breathing restricting, I pushed through it. I am proud of myself for not packing up and leaving because of it.


If I can push through it, you can too. You are stronger than you think, and you are not just what your anxiety or panic attack makes you think you are. Find the reasons to be proud of yourself in spite of your condition. 


I hope this inspires you to fight for yourself against what feels like all odds. 
Today was hard, but had a small victoryI feel so alone right now and I have no one to talk too. My anxiety is really bad right now and I don't know what to do anymore. I keep trying to get better each day but I feel like for every step forward I take I go back 2 steps. I just want people in my lifeFeel so alone with no one to talk tooI don't know if anyone can relate at all, but I've got to get this out there.  I have tried so hard to manage it on my own but I can't handle the constant weight of it anymore.

I'm a 24 year old woman.  About a year ago I left a sexless, emotionally abusive relationship that dragged on for 8 years.  He cheated on me, turned me down for sex while he masturbated constantly, criticized my appearance, pressured me into sex acts I hated (on the rare occasion we had sex), denied me other forms of emotional intimacy... it was total shit.

I'm now with a guy who's the complete opposite of my ex and treats me incredibly well, but I am completely fixated on our sex life in such an unhealthy way.  We have sex ~3 times a week, but I am CONSTANTLY fighting intrusive, obsessive thoughts about it.  I'm worried about when we'll have sex next, and how often it's happening.  I'm worried about how I can initiate or if I should at all, if I should wait for him to do something or make my feelings known.  I can't stop structuring my days and neglecting other important things to ensure we have enough time for sex if he feels like it.  I'm always worrying if I'm clean/looking perfect/feeling physically good so I can be ready to go at any moment.  My brain wakes me up earlier than I want to in case I need to be prepared for morning sex.  I obsess about him masturbating and feel hurt and angry if I know he's done it, because it means he won't be interested in doing stuff together later.  I also read into it and get paranoid he'd rather jack off than have sex with me.  I have literally gone through his trash looking for "evidence", which is fucking disgusting (he doesn't know this).  I hold off on masturbating, myself, and drive myself crazy if he's not in the mood later.  

My sex drive is high to begin with, and I want more sex with current boyfriend for so many positive reasons in addition to the mess of unhealthy garbage anxious ones.  I have talked to him at length about my anxiety and he is super supportive, but it hasn't gotten any easier to manage.

Sorry for spewing my problems all over the place, I just desperately need someone that can relate or offer advice.  I am losing my fucking mind.  I can't stop obsessing, I've tried SO hard, and I'm terrified I'll lose an amazing relationship over this if I don't lose my sanity first.Overwhelming anxiety/obsession with sex frequency in my relationship.For the record I am on medicine for anxiety. 

Is it possible to have such overwhelming anxiety, that it can cause suicide? Trigger warning. Anxiety and suicide.I was on a low dose of prozac for a little over two years. I just stopped taking it over the summer and I've slowly been recovering my emotions. Has anyone else gone through this?

It's literally like I haven't felt a thing in two years, and now I'm crying at the drop of a hat and when I'm not crying I'm manic and talking a mile a minute. And then I'm just bitchy. Any advice on how to deal with the mood swings and anxiety? Not to mention the panic. 

I've been thinking of getting something prescribed as needed to help me deal with this overload in emotions, but the whole reason I stopped was to be able to feel again. Just looking for some help with this. Any advice and info is much appreciated. Thanks guys. Prozac Questions - Need Some AdviceMy sleeping schedule has been improving but I still wake up feeling tired. I naturally just feel burnt out and it sucks. I don't know what to do. I had a productive day when I got home from school, I did all my work, but even working on it I felt bored and tired. I don't want to drink anything with caffeine to make myself feel less burnt out. Is there anything I can do? I can't take a mental health day off, so that's crossed off the list. No matter how much sleep I get I feel burnt out.Hello, I really need some help. A bit of a background: During school I had been bullied a lot, at first for being a quiet person and having a quiet voice, and then for the unusual behaviors I had developed because of the severe OCD that sprouted during my teenage years. The lack of social awareness I had because of my shyness made me unable to fight back the aggressions, which made me developed a genuine fear of people and social anxiety.

After a long time of not having to deal with that kinda stuff after I graduated - since people in the university that I used to go to pretty much all minded their own business - and learning to be a lot more sociable (albeit still with a big fear of confrontation), I ended up in a classroom with different people in this new university I joined (because I didn't quite identify with the last one). In the first semester I had no trouble with anyone except a guy that literally had a hissy fit simply because I told him my opinion about a musical genre I didn't even know he liked. I didn't mind that too much.

Now for the current issue I'm facing:

Right now in the second semester I'm having some trouble with another dude. And this one is worse because he's in the social circle that I also participate in.

At some point for reasons I haven't comprehended yet, he starts being more hostile to me, trying to make fun of me in front of others in a very offensive way. Then after a few days, he starts arguing with me out of nowhere because he thought my share of the group assingment we were working on was not good enough. In both these cases, surprisingly, I was able to fight back and the other people in my social circle also thought that he was being exceedingly assholish (even though I'm not really sure if they were being serious).

After that... nothing happened, really. But I get this feeling that this person still hates me because of his general demeanor towards me which is very avoidant. All in all, the anxiety I feel when I think that he will try to humiliate me in public or pick a fight again out of nowhere and the results this would have in my psyche in case I am not able to fight back well enough again is driving me insane. The thing I fear the most is having all the progress I made up to now regarding social anxiety... crumble. This feeling I haven't felt ever since I was back in school.

Is there anything I can do about this? I've tried to simply open some distance between me and this social circle but the other people just keep pulling me back into it. I wouldn't like to run away from this because I know if you run away from a fear before you get comfortable with it will only make it worse, but even if I wanted to I couldn't because I still need to finish some assignments due December and I'm in the same group as that person.the thought of having to go to college the next day is driving me insaneI have a conundrum.

A friend and his wife are having a Halloween party this coming Saturday. I have been planning to go, but now I'm having growing anxiety over it.

I already don't do very well in social situations. I'm perfectly fine hanging out with 1 or 2 friends, but any more and I start feeling fidgety, nervous, and a need to leave. Forget about adding people I don't know... and that's exactly the problem.

At this party, the only person I will know is the friend whose party it is. I've never met his wife, and I don't know any of his friends. The only mutual friends we have aren't going. I want to go so bad -- I haven't seen him in 4 years, I really want to meet his wife, and I love Halloween. But I'm so goddamn anxious and I'm worried I'm going to have an anxiety attack the day of and not go.

What I'm thinking of doing is letting him know all of this beforehand. He knows about my struggles with mental health to an extent but I don't talk about it to anyone but my fiance and a couple very, very close friends. How would you word a message in this situation?

Thanks in advance, guys.Halloween anxietyI guess I just want someone to talk some sense into me. I have an irrational fear that I'm going to end up forgetting how to breathe, how to walk, how to talk, hell even how to think. It makes me fear forgetting how to swallow and accidentally inhaling my foods and drinks and choking. So far it hasn't had too large of a toll on my life but it's something that I can't stop thinking about for periods of a time.Fear of forgetting basic human functions?i need someone to tell me everything is gonna be alright im only 15 and im having a panic attack right now. im scared please tell me everything is ok. help me Someone pleaseToday, I have been an absolute mess; I can't concentrate, my appetite is minuscule, and I have felt like I was on the brink of crying for several hours but no tears have come. I have this *overwhelming* feeling that something is very very wrong, but I have no idea what.

I'm having these horrible visions that my fianc  is cheating on me, but in reality, there is about zero% likelihood that that's happening. Then my brain moved on to my grandmother dying, but I'm sure I would know by now if she had. Then it became a natural disaster, then something happening to my dog, then a break-in at my house, all wrong. But the feeling won't go away. I've been in panic mode since last night, fighting off these absurd feelings. I keep rationalizing with myself like, "This is not happening, you're just having a bad day, everything is fine," but it's no help, the emotional nightmare continues. 

I don't know what to do. I can't seem to calm down and that feeling of hopelessness has completely taken over in preparation for this life-changing disaster that isn't real. I have been distracting myself with various things like staying extra time in lab at school, doing errands on the way home, taking a walk with the dog, and it goes on. My stomach is so sick from the stress now, I feel like I might throw up.

Does anyone else feel like it's Doomsday for seemingly no reason sometimes? Like you can't shake it no matter what you do? 

I can't stop thinking about it, but I don't know what "it" is.I just failed my second chemistry exam, of the semester, today.  I have a D and have been neglecting all of my assignments.  I have already retaken too many classes and am not sure how much more me, or my GPA can take. I'm so scared of going forward that I am nearly petrified. I'm scared guys.  I keep failing and shooting myself in the foot when I don't fail.  I'm so disappointed in myself that I finally chose a major that I enjoy and I'm not doing it well at all.  I am failing at the one thing I thought I could do.  I need someone to talk to.Today my boyfriend told me that he doesn't know whether he wants to continue being in a relationship or not, no warning or anything. I had a terrible sobbing, hyperventilating panic attack and felt like I couldn't move and like I was going to faint and ugh, just, him telling me this hit me so hard I got dizzy and nauseous. 
Just recently a friend told me that she doesn't want to be my friend anymore. I just.. why? Why do people want to leave me all the time? Am I not good enough, or pretty enough?
All my life people have left me and friends have decided that they just don't want me around anymore over and over and over again. I have lost so many "best friends" by now that I've lost count. 
It hurts *so* badly and I am so scared that once a few people leave, everyone will follow and I will be alone again. Last time that happened was the last time I self harmed and I'm getting to a point where my brain is telling me "hurt yourself!" and my anxiety is telling me "everyone is going to leave you! try harder! you're not doing good enough! what if you end up alone? it will be all your fault!" and my depression is saying "none of this is worth it, stay home and never leave your bed"
I just want to feel okay and happy and like I am not going to end up alone but everything is working against me and life keeps knocking me down the moment I start to stand back up. My anxiety and my depression are spinning me around in circles. I am terrified of people leaving me (venting) (TW self harm)I went back on Lexapro a little over a month ago, and my insurance just changed. My psychiatrist's office is horrible and they're refusing to refill the script until I can find a new one. I only have a week left. I tried calling the GP and the receptionist told me there's no guarantee that the doctor will prescribe medication even if I made an appointment.

I'm terrified that I'm going to have to go off cold turkey. I'm sick of being treated like a fucking junkie for trying to get by. I'm in a really fucking dark place right now and I don't know what to do, please help.I really need help, please.I'm not really afraid of much, per se, but I now that I have anxiety medication, the causes of all my problems are becoming clearer because my judgement is no longer clouded by irrational fears and worry. I have now realized that my biggest fear has always been that I will be a disappointment to myself and those around me. It's was causes me to be unable to speak in public, talk to new people (especially girls I have an interest in), return to class after missing one or two for whatever reason, and so much more. I have finally had a girl who was interesting enough in me that she told her friends how much she wanted to kiss me, but I just can't bring myself to do it because I am afraid that since I have no idea what I am doing, I am just going to end up disappointing her and ruining so much. All of this has been a massive hindrance on my life and I don't know how to stop myself. It's hurt me for so long and has just ruined so much of my life. I got 4 F's out of my 6 classes this midterm. I regret so many of the choices I have made and I want to find a reset button, you know? I'm not suicidal or anything, but I'm just so lost.

I just want to thank everyone for reading this and listening to me rant. Every therapist I have been to has just ignored my problem and it sucks, but I know here there are plenty of others who feel the same. Sometimes this subreddit can make me feel sad and hurt, but it helps to know you all are here.DAE have a massive fear of being a disappointment?Sometimes it's just general demotivation, but it hits so much harder with anxiety. Take a drawing for example.

"You can't even make a straight line, why is it taking you so long to sketch, a professional would've already been at the color/shading process by now, just stop while you can."

It's so emotionally draining. I'm not a bad artist either,  but the second I draw and screw up a line, I give up. 

I also make music on FL studio, and do little stories, so you can imagine how much of nightmare it is to mix a song, or making sure the sentence stucture in a story is correct.

If this is all in my head. How do I muscle through and ignore it? Especially when a finished piece doesn't meet my expectations.As an aspiring artist, anxiety is the absolute worst critic.Has anyone taken Wellbutrin for anxiety? My doctor said it's an option but I've read online where doctors say it would actually make anxiety worse.Wellbutrin for anxiety?Even thought my anxiety focus mainly that world war 3 is coming right now , i still thinking about that its almost 100% sure that it will come sometime in my life . (22 years old ).Hey guys , lately i have a hUGE anxiety that world war 3 is coming and i cant reason myself .Please help.Hi, I posted recently but I'm posting again because, although things have improved, I still feel so anxious and not myself.

I am currently travelling alone in Japan, the first few night I had horrible jetlag and nausea, I couldn't sleep or eat and I was so nervous I just wanted to cry. I have had 2 big panic attacks since being here, and although I am an anxious person I have only experienced a panic attack once before at home.

Anyway, 75% of the reason I came to Japan was to eat delicious food, I normally love food, especially Japanese food. Since being here (it's been a week now) I have hardly been able to look at food. I've been forcing myself to eat fruit, plain rice or toast. It's really been a struggle because I can't eat, I don't feel hungry I just feel sick and when I start eating I feel like my throat is closing up and I can't finish.

I don't know how to help myself. 
Luckily I've been so exhausted I've been sleeping through the night, which is usually when I get most anxious (it's 7am, so I'm up early but that's okay) 

I really don't know what to do - I want to enjoy this trip, I have 3 weeks left but I feel so anxious and sick, I'm shaky and can't relax or enjoy myself. I just want to go home.

How can I improve my appetite? 
How can I combat this anxiety? :(

Thanks ! Can't eat because of nausea and anxiety. What can I do?I hope this is the right place to post this. If it isn't please tell me where I can. This is a cry for help. I don't know what's wrong with me. I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety and depression. The list is longer actually. I feel so stressed all the time. I always feel so confused and disoriented, and like I'm not really present. I've been to the doctor about feeling a lump in my throat, feeling sick to my stomach. My last appointment I made when I was so dizzy that I felt like I was going to fall over. When I went to bed, the dizziness had not disappeared the next morning. Therefore I thought it must've been some sort of physical condition that was causing it. But every time I go the doctor it comes down to "probably anxiety". I'm afraid to pretty much do anything. Maybe because of the thought I might fail. And like the title says I'm in desperate need of a change, because this is destroying my life. Maybe it already has. I am 24 years old right now and I have yet to start college. I've been doing nothing and have very limited human contact for over 5 years now. I've cut off contact with my parents and my family except for one uncle and one aunt. I need to do *something* and soon. But that's my problem, I don't do *anything*. The only things I do are to get my mind of the things that I have to do. Which are watching movies / series. I don't even like playing videogames much anymore, because then I have to do something which means the potential of failure. Whenever I get a couple of days or week of being slightly more productive than usual it ends with the feeling like all this effort is for nothing. Like who am I doing this for? The most pressing issue right now is deciding what I want to study. I went to an orientation day for a game design study a couple of days ago, and I got so discouraged about the amount of work and effort I will have to put in. That plus the fact that after the first workshop, I couldn't find out where the next one was taking place, and I was too scared to ask (again) where it was. Then I just fucking walked out of there. All that effort and money for travel costs wasted (it was a bit far away)! Now that I'm thinking I won't be able to handle that programme, I have no clue what else I would do. Also, a month or two ago, someone on a datingsite messaged me. I was excited because no one had ever done that before. The period leading up to our date was very new and exciting for me, and I got so much more things done, because I felt like I was doing it for something. Then after our date her messages kind of stopped coming, and then she blocked me. That period was one of the worst in my entire life. I was so alone and scared of the future. To get a little glimmer of hope like that and it being destroyed was crushing. I have never felt more hopeless in my entire life. Now I'm back to feeling anxious about everything interrupted by short periods of numbness. I need help. Maybe it fits better in /r/depression? But I guess the reason I'm posting it here is because I'm scared to do anything, and now is the time to do something.

I hope this post isn't too incoherent. In desperate need of a changeSince around 2013 i've had bad anxiety. It started with health concerns, but that let up over time. What managed to get worse day after day however, is my social anxiety. I've always had a decent amount of social anxiety, I feel like it has to deal with how i've been homeschooled my whole life. 

I honestly don't go out much, but over the past year i've been on a constant decline. Depression, bad thoughts, lack of motivation, self confidence, looking at the big picture and how i'm barely going anywhere in my life, I don't know. 

So to my current problem, I have some very good online friends. The extent to our chats are through text, they do regularly voice chat each other, and I usually make up a *really* stupid excuse to get out of joining. I always feel pathetic because of it and worry if our relationship will wane because of it.

Last friday a friend I haven't talked to in a long while, and not that often asked me to voice chat. I really didn't want to say no, got the mic hooked up and he called me up. It didn't go horrible, we've got quite a few interests in common.

But man, it really did remind me of how pathetic I am.

My problem is I always kind of... choke up, when actual conversation starts. I feel like an idiot when I can't find the right word and trail off with "Yeah... um". I just feel like my mind goes blank when I speak verbally, but I can keep up the flow of exactly what I actually think when typing. 

Another problem is just my voice. I can never keep up a tone with it, and I just end up mumbling or accidentally cracking. It really does kill what self confidence I have left. I just can't get the feeling of what's coming out of my mouth is "natural".

So I don't know if i'm really looking for reassurance or advice. I really just don't want the only people I know well to think lesser of me for not being able to do something I can't help but fumble.I can't speak my mind to save my life.It feeds the fear of nerve damage and retinal detachment and i dont know how to relax and let go of thatAdvice: health fear. Afraid of losing eyesight..i need advice on how to get over these fear. I'm afraid of retinal detachment. Anxiety has affected my vision pretty badly and my nerves constantly twitchIf so, how do these experiences play out for you?Do any other women find their anxiety levels become overly heightened due to hormones?I get this every year. The week leading up to my birthday I start getting anxious. The anticipation of what people expect from me:

*well what are you doing for your birthday?! Getting drunk? Going to a club?*

Ah, no Ill prolly just workout then go home and read...

People always expect you to do something fun / exciting for your birthday. I guess it's a social anxiety thing but I HATE that spotlight. People examining my life for a day, prodding and trying to influence my decisions. Idk, it just bugs me.






Anxiety before my birthday.I am at work and I can't breathe and I am shaking, I am so light headed and nothing is helping me calm down. I can't focus and I don't know what's wrong. WorkNo matter what I do, I can't get these thoughts out of my head. I love my job, but I'm still new, so there are a few things I'm stumbling on and still learning to do. I am so afraid I'll get fired from still learning, from coworkers not being trustworthy, or anything else. How do you guys deal with stuff like this? How do you just live your life and not constantly worry about things like this? How do you stop constantly worrying about what may happen if you lose a job/can't pay rent/etc?I don't even know where the hell I should post this, my options are r/anxiety, r/autism, and r/depression. I know, what a unique combination. I don't even know which one really rules me but it feels like anxiety so I chose here.

I don't even know where to start. I'm at school right now (I live at home; I'm 20 and don't have a driver's license either) just sitting in the library area because I don't have class. In about an hour I have my modern chinese history class with a professor I like. She likes me too but I don't know why. My major is global studies and I'm going to minor in chinese but none of that really matters. I was excited for a discussion on a book we read but now I don't even care because some things just reminded me how much I've ruined my own life and how precariously I sit on this scale of deluded normalcy and my constant state of anxiety. 

I guess I'll say how I have a basically non-existent or just terrible relationship with my parents. I'm not close to them and maybe because I'm autistic or just some kind of sociopath, any sort of attempts for them to be close to me failed because such a relationship makes me feel extremely uncomfortable. I think they like me, they think I'm smart or something. Like they only value me for my grades. My dad feels like a dominating narcissist a lot, and my mom is prone to acting similarly, but it's probably me just acting like a child who thinks everything they say is bad due to my anxiety.  But basically I don't feel comfortable telling them anything or talking to them or interacting with them in a normal way at all. Which I brought upon myself.

I got a part time job working at my school's history department doing office things and I need to open a bank account tomorrow, which means interacting with my father. The mere thought of it is enough to partially send me into this kind of mood. I can put the money in the account and spend it as I want I think but my parents will probably get mad when I spend it on useless shit that I always buy (and which I already have money committed to because I can't control my urges). 

The reality of today is that I'll probably go to class and be uncharacteristically quiet. Which means my professor will ask me if I'm okay and I'll tell her I'm just tired. Then I'll go home and probably be asked questions by my parents and barely respond to them. Then I'll just go to my room and sleep or look at dumb shit on the internet as most of my other nights are spent. Tomorrow I'll go open the account to much stress and then come home and do nothing productive. I'm tired of going to school and pretending to be someone who is intelligent or even has his shit together. 

My only friend who I only know online is getting his shit together and he can't even tell me about it without sending me into these tantrums so I'm practically abusive to him. I'm sick of pretending like I deserve his friendship. 

Why am I even posting this? This has nothing helpful to anyone here. It's a selfish tantrum from someone desperately looking for sympathy. The only satisfaction I get from this is venting even though all you nice people will respond with kindness I don't deserve. You'll tell me to get a therapist which is what I should do but my anxiety prevents me from doing even that. I'm probably so deep into it that even if I went to a therapist, they would have little impact. This is just a useless fucking tirade. I'll probably have too much anxiety to even look at the responses to this post. I hope the mods delete it. Yet I'm going to hit that dumb submit button anyways.Anxiety rules my life and it's impossible for me to do anything now*Here's some background - my situation: I [22F] really want to meet my online friend [22M] soon, but I'm just far too anxious about it all. Just the THOUGHT of meeting is enough to make me feel light-headed, shaky, and nauseous with anxiety even though we haven't made any plans yet. As a shy introvert, I've always had a hard time when it comes to meeting new people. It's daunting. I worry so much. Will they like me? What if they find me boring? Am I being too quiet? etc. And when I eventually meet this guy, it will involve a 15 minute train journey - another thing I struggle with because of my emetophobia/travel sickness/travel anxiety. I'm also nervous about telling my parents about him. I'm aware of how ridiculous that'll sound because I'm 22, old enough to do what I want, but my parents are still quite overprotective and I'm not sure how they'd react to the idea of me meeting someone off the internet.*

It's the physical symptoms of anxiety that bother me the most, such as nausea (especially with having emetophobia), sweating, trembling, racing heart, and sometimes loose stools. I have no idea how to deal with these and anxiety in general. And I wouldn't want it to ruin the day when I meet my friend (I'm scared that I'll end up crying, throwing up, having a 'bad belly', a panic attack, or passing out.)

Does anyone have any tips on how to deal with these symptoms?

What are some good ways of dealing with the physical symptoms of anxiety?Hi all,

I've made a throw away account for this since many people I know in real life know me on reddit. For background I am a 21F, currently in my last year of college. Basically, over the weekend, I was at an event where I had to be in the same vicinity as people who have some serious issues with my current SO (backstory - he cheated on his ex a few years ago, and she and her friends were also there. I was not the other woman).

When he went to the bathroom and I was left alone, they took the opportunity to confront me about something totally menial. I tried to stand up for myself in the classiest way possible, but it ended with one of the girls screaming up in my face, reality TV style. 

It's been 3 days and I still can't stop thinking about it and how I wish I could've reacted differently and how scared I am to see any of the girls who ganged up on me at school (I go to a very very small college). My boyfriend keeps telling me not to think about it, but I can't stop and it's making me so incredibly anxious throughout the day that I constantly feel sick and like I'm going to cry. I already have a history of anxiety, and now it's 100 times worse. 

Any advice would be great, because I am seriously struggling. Need advice following traumatic confrontation. How do I stop thinking/obsessing over it?In March 2016, my family and I moved to a new house that, while remaining in the same city as the old house (Miami, FL), is quite farther from the center of the city than our old house. For a few months, my mother tried getting used to the new house, listing all of the positive aspects of the new house (more space, quiet street, no roaches, etc.) She noticed how we needed to drive more to get to the same places, but she tried downplaying it for quite some time. However, when the new school year starts, she begins complaining about how bad the traffic is from our new house to me and my siblings' school (we never changed schools), which takes us about 20 minutes. For comparison, it used to take us 5 minutes in the old house. Now, she's saying that this traffic and the new house is causing her to have anxiety issues, panic attacks, and that her PTSD is worsening (she lived in communist Cuba for most for her life, I don't entirely blame her). My dilemma is that I don't know whether she is being sincere or not. She's been pulling the same anxiety fit for almost anything that goes wrong for as long as I've been alive, and every single time it's remedied by some bullsh*t treatment by either a money-hungry psychologist or one of those fake TV/internet doctors. She keeps sayign that the only way to fix this is to move back to our old neighborhood, and while we still own the old house (we rented it out), we aren't able to claim it back until April due to a contract we made with the current tenants; not to mention that the rent money from the old house is the only way we're able to pay for the new house. What should I do? my mother's anxiety with a new houseMaybe I'm paranoid, but I worry that no one actually likes me and are just pretending to tolerate my presence so as to not hurt my feelings.

[Edit] obviously I'm just being paranoid, but you know what I mean.

[Edit#2] Thanks for all the comments. I hate that so many of you are feeling this same way. No one should have to feel alone like this. But I'm glad to know I'm not alone.Does anyone else worry that their friends secretly hate them?I've had anxiety for as long as I can remember. But lately it's been effecting my health and wellbeing. My heart rate is through the roof lately, resting around 95 when I'm stressed. My attendance at university is down, and I'm not doing well in any of my classes. I sweat profusely, usually having to change shirts twice a day, and overall I just don't feel good. 

Prior to this, I've been able to keep my anxiety in check through focused relaxation and meditation, but lately it's getting out of hand, and I'm worried about my health and my grades. Should I see a doctor? I'm very afraid of being put on any medications.High Heart Rate, Poor Attendance, is it Time to Get Medical Help?My anxiety is bad right now. I am worried I will get cancer. I am also stressing about a paper due in two weeks that I am having trouble doing in part due to my anxiety.I need to talk about my anxiety. Everytime I hear about someone with cancer or a bad illness I get anxious.Is there any drug out there that's legal and massively helps with anxiety issues that you don't have to get prescribed?looking for a reliefDo you ever fear that it won't work?

Basically it eliminates the fight or flight response but does nothing for the mental.

So I'm always in fear that it won't work. Hasn't happened yet but who knows.Those that take propranolol...I Have terrible and anxiety , often get scary panic attacks .. have no insurance , any medication or remedies I can do to make my life easier ?, even breathing techniques,  any help will be so appreciatedpanic attacks , need helpAs the title states I get the most horrible feeling as a result of my anxiety. The out of body, not feeling real feeling....I seriously hate it and it happens a few times a week at work. It's embarrassing because I'll be moving around and fidgeting at my desk and I know people are watching from the corner of their eyes. I blame it on back pain but in reality I have to confirm I can feel and sometimes even pinch myself. Lately I've been getting a glass of hot water to ground myself and focus on that to know the out of body or derealization is just my mind playing tricks. Sorry for the long post but does anyone else feel this with anxiety...? What causes it? Should I be concerned and lately, how can I minimize this feeling??Out of body or better known as derealization. Does anyone else get this? I need help on how to control it.My anxiety has been under control for about a year now, I phased off medication and have found healthy ways to cope and calm myself down. I've recently been in relationship issues with my sister and it's triggering my anxiety. She is a dumper and emotionally not very understanding.  I generally give into her bullying me into giving her what she wants, because I go into panic mode and will submit or take blame to avoid conflict and the anxiety that comes alone with it.  This time I'm choosing to stand my ground and take space for a little bit,but it's fine with a constant sense of heightened worry and fear thas making it hard for me to get through the day. Any tips would be greatly appreciated. I'm going back and starting therapy again on Friday in an attempt to be proactive. Relationship issues triggering anxietyHas anyone used this device with success?alpha stimSometimes when im out of meds and im stressed i feel really hot, and i sweat a lot, anyone have this problem?Anxiety heat sensationI've had these panick attack-like fits for a while now. I was having them for months 2 years ago, then they went away for a year, and now they're back at it again, ruining my life.

Sometimes, totally randomly, I become aware of my breathing and I start to control it. It's fucking exhausting and I can't help but take very deep breaths. This usually triggers the fear that I won't be able to let go of this urge until I lose my conscience (this happened once in the morning after I stood up from bed too quickly. My blood pressure has always been very low. This event is also what started these fits all over again.) 

This problem usually disappears when I am preoccupied or if I manage to immerse myself in an activity instead of panicking over my breathing - I rarely succeed.

It probably sounds really unusual. Or maybe it doesn't, I don't know what you guys are experiencing. Does anyone else get this specific "controlling my breathing" problem or know about its cause? Do you think it's just anxiety?


(Ps: I guess my mild hypochondria has something to do with them: my biggest fear is some kind of dysautonomia in my breathing that is going to affect me in the long-term. I'm still not sure if that's just hypochondria speaking, but then again, that's what hypochondria's about.)

Can't stop controlling my breathing, is it just anxiety?Sometimes it helps to know that you are a kind and bright person to the others around you even in your worse moments.

Sometimes you just have to remind yourself that you aren't your anxiety. You are a human being with thoughts, memories, relationships, and feelings and a whole lot to offer in a way that only you can offer! Let yourself offer all that you can even if it takes months of trying.  

Do it the best you can and see what happens.

From one fighter to the next- All the love and support to you, always. Sometimes it helps to knowI [M20] have a girlfriend [F19] who has anxiety. I've known her for a little over a year, and we became serious at the start of the year. I love her with all my heart, and I'd do anything to  see her smile. For the most part she's happy and we have a lot of fun together.

 She gets anxious over a lot of things that are relevant in my life. I'm the type to go out to parties, smoke a few times a month with my friend, and she gets anxious over her university work. 

She doesn't like the fact that I smoke (she said she has nothing against it, it just makes her anxious and uncomfortable). She doesn't like to go out to parties, or when I do as well. So being reasonable I try to limit the amount of times I do all these things. She understands the effect her discomfort has on my life, so we compromised that my "outings" will be limited. However, recently I've had to give up smoking because no matter how much I try to let her know how safe I am (I tell her I have food, I'm with a trusted friend, I'm indoors, and I dont plan on going out), she just cant take it. I guess I don't mind since her comfort means more to me than weed and my friend and I dont NEED to smoke weed to chill. I wouldnt be lying though if I said I wasn't a little sad. 

The real problem though is when she gets anxious of her school work. Her whole attitude changes. She becomes sad when she thinks about the work she has to do. Her reaction to is to then just lie down in her bed and not do anything, which only makes it worse for her in the long run. Initially I tell her it's okay for her to just lie down since it's the beginning of the day and she has plenty of time to do her work. But hours and hours go by and she won't do anything. She then proceeds not to talk to me or give me one worded replies. Then she gets mad at me for not making her feel better about everything. I feel like since I'm  her boyfriend she expects me to make everything go away and feel better. She starts telling me to "Fuck off" or she calls me "an idiot", and starts to genuinely think I don't care about her. 

I don't understand how to feel about this. Is this okay? Is it because "that's just her anxiety speaking"? Or should  I hold her responsible for her words? 
Usually the next day she feels better and apologizes for the things she says, but sometimes I still feel hurt. 

I don't mind being her punching bag but sometimes I just can't. But i think about her and how she needs one. She doesn't have anyone that's close enough to support her. I'm kind of her only support.

I get through all this because I tell myself that maybe one day she won't have anxiety anymore. That all of this is just temporary. 

/r/Anxiety , does it get better? Will she always be like this? Does anxiety go away eventually? 


Does it ever get better?I was not expecting this at all, but it happened. I walked into work this morning just like any other morning. I am getting ready for my 10AM call, and I get called into an office. It was clear what was going to happen. The company is a fast growing tech company who just partnered with another big tech company. People knew change was coming, but it all seemed positive. Then this happened.

Anyway, I am now jobless and worried about quite a few things. To be honest, I probably could have done better at the job. It was a very undefined role, but I was doing well enough so I thought.

I am writing in this subreddit because I've always had anxiety to the point that ot controls my life. I always have an upset stomach unless I take the miracle drug that is klonopin, or the other pharmies that my doctor prescribed me. My mind is always churning, and I often have a myriad of other physical symptoms as a results - aforementioned stomach, headaches, muscle aches, heart palpitations, chest flutters, I mean you name it.

I do partake in quite a fair amount on MJ and ultimately I do think if I performed better, they would have kept me on board. I don't think I got canned due to performance, but if I stood out from the rest I don't think it would have happened. MJ does not help in this department, and I know it.

I'm mainly submitting this post as a means to come to grips with what just happened. Ultimately, it would be nice if somebody can provide some guidance. They are giving me a month severance, and of course are paying me what I've earned until today.

I'm worried about finding a new job, paying bills, insurance - everything that comes with losing your job. This really sucks. I was not expecting this.

Any guidance would be awesome.I just got canned.Hi, recently I have had really bad anxiety attacks due to a number of personal things and I can control it pretty well to stop myself panicking. However as im getting better I have noticed having a lot of derealisation/depersonalization and everything being hazy and blurry. Is this anxiety related and is there any common ways to deal with it?Anxiety induced Depersonalization, normal?I'm 20 and I take an SSRI for anxiety which helps, but not enough to make it all better. I still have difficulty in certain situations and don't know how to cope with panic. I saw a therapist for 5 meetings but he just kind of sat there starring at me until I said something and was always trying to find out what deep rooted childhood trauma caused my anxiety (hint: there wasn't one), cool how do I actually deal with anxiety? He didn't help with that so I tried another. She's really nice and I find I can open up with her more, but 6 meetings in and I don't feel like it's been all that useful. She kind of does the same thing he did, always asking me "so what do you want to talk about today?" I don't want to talk about my feelings I want to know how to deal with them, I thought that's what CBT is.

Should I find a new therapist or is this CBT thing just not for me? I am reading through "When Panic Attacks" by David Burns and that book IS helping.Should I find a new therapist or is CBT just not for me?I don't know why, but this is usually my thought process: "I've been feeling awesome lately, omg why have I? What was the problem before? What if I didn't ever have anxiety and I just made it all up subconsciously?"

I've had a few of these panic attacks lately, and I just seem to keep putting myself in a worse situation. 

I'm finally feeling great, but I'm dealing with something else.This isnt a life  or death situation but my anxiety is just going crazy having not slept much and i just took excedrin for my cluster headache so now i feel like what i said in the title. None of my friends are up at the moment and if they are they are at work. I just need someone to comment or message me that im not going to die. It will seriously make me feel better. Yes i am serious[Serious] Can someone please tell me that im not going to die and everything will be okay?I refused to go to school today and told my mom. She came home from dropping my older sister off to school and went upstairs to talk to my step-dad. They had a conversation and this is exactly what they said. I'm referring myself as A.
"A doesn't want to go to school today"
"I'm sick of her shit"
"She says it's her anxiety and stuff"
"She should needs to take her meds"
"She's socially retarded"
"I think she's autistic"
"We should get her tested"
"I hate this"
"She ruins everything"
"When i invited her out with me she was really fucking awkward"
"We should just hospitalize her"
"School isn't even a big problem there's kids out there being raped by their parents"
Afterwards my stepdad begins to mock me when i was having anxiety over a conversation.
"When someone offered she wanted to watch tv she just said no and stood by me half the time"
"She embarrassed me a lot"

That's all i could remember.

Forgot to add on.
She assumes the reason i get bullied is because I say ignorant or unfunny comments and people find me quirky. The thing is i never talk at school, and i'll have conversations some times but it doesn't revolve around me not saying simple phrases. I've removed all communication from my friends as she requested, I didn't tell her so i'll let her see the outcome when you completely close out socialization 

Just thought i'd share that words hurt, especially by someone you thought loved you 
My own parents mocked meI signed up for a math and biology class a few days ago right after I exercised and was feeling confident. I have signed up for this math class before and dropped it because of anxiety of the morning of. Now I just did the same thing, except with two classes, both of which I need to progress my degree. 

I'm not sure what to do anymore. I ate less than 500 calories yesterday because I was so nervous and always throw up when I'm anxious. I woke up at 3:30 am and just felt like dying, was exhausted but I couldn't sleep. So I stayed up until 7 am, cried because I knew I couldn't go, and ended up just taking my dog for a walk. I didn't lose any money with these classes because I thought this might happened but I'm so disappointed with myself and frustrated. I have no credits to earn for the next 7 weeks. I just want to do what all normal college students do and it feels like I can't. I even stopped the physical response of my anxiety by not eating but my mind was just thinking a million miles a minute "school, school, school, school". I don't know if this is an OCD problem as well. I just know my birthday is in 4 days and I feel like I haven't accomplished shit in the past year and I just hate my birthday. It's my 21st so it's supposed to be some big milestone and a lot of fun but I just want it to go by unnoticed because I feel like a failure as a human and I hate myself. I couldn't go to school again this morningHey guys....Lately I have been really trying to make my own decisions, and my own calls without the fear of being wrong....I had a huge decision to make today (what it's about isn't that important). I was totally cool with either choice, and I was not concerned with making the wrong decision....But I got stumped when weighing in the positives and negatives of both choices, and wasn't sure about soemthing, so i ended up seeking advice from a friend regarding the issue. He gave me some insight, and helped me come to a conclusion, but now I am upset at myself for not being able to make the decision myself. It was a huge opportunity to learn self-trust, and I feel like I blew it :/ Am i overthinking it?overthinking??Pretty much every morning I wake up with this awful panic feeling; it's like in sinking downwards,  massive palpitations,  feelings of intense fear,  everything's spinning and if I stand up and close my eyes,  there's this terrible lurching feeling in my stomach and immense fear which is absolutely unbearable. Then,  as I wake up more the feeling subsides but there's still this nagging fear thing. 

It's really horrible,  but I don't know whether it's an actual panic attack? Generally,  when I have this real bad,  I've just had a very vivid nightmare beforehand. Does/has anyone had a similar experience? I can't find much info on this anywhere Morning panic attacks?I have a really bad case of noise anxiety/sensitivity.  The slightest noise or imperfection will set me off in an explosive impulse.  It started eating sounds but now is popping sounds in walls, etc.  I abanadoned my family and now have white noise makers in every part of my house.  My bedroom is clocked at 85 decibels with a home theatre system I made and now I believe I am hearing the sounds like a schizophrenic only hearing them triggers the "fight" and anger anxiety I have.  Basically combine hearing noises with having severe anger impulses every time you hear the noise or otherwise triggered.  Nothing seems to help.  Even my heart beating or stomach noises are starting to irratate me which causes me to hit myself.  Its controlling my life and I want it to end.I need helpFor some reason I feel weak
Like my body feels weak and I'm just physically exhausted and I don't want to do anything 

This happens a lot after periods of lots of anxiety. I don't think I've ever had an anxiety attack but my spells of anxiety cause me to be physically exhausted Physically exhaustedHi,

Not sure if this is the best place to ask but seems relevant...

I have no history of any mental health problems, anxiety, stress, depression, etc. I have never experienced anything like the following until this year.

Recently, I had a moment where the following happened (in order or at the same time roughly):

* Increased heart rate
* Slightly hot skin/head
* Unable to concentrate on anything
* All voices in the room becoming a confused mess, unable to hear just one
* Dazed/confused

This lasted ~5 mins, then i felt uneasy for the rest of the day, worrying that it will happen again.

3 days in a row this happened, once per day. 

Doctors have no idea what it is, but say it could be some kind of anxiety/panic attack.

It _really_ bothers me that I can't explain it, i don't understand (if it is an attack) what could cause it and why this week in particular.

I have narrowed it down to being triggered by a particular person being nearby to me. This is definite. I was (and still do feel slightly paranoid about it) afraid this person had somehow given me something (as in a drug) to cause it. But the more likely conclusion seems to be an attack caused by this person being in my personal space, although that frustrates me even more because I don't know why... I have nothing against this person, no problems.

I have no history of any such problems at all, so I honestly can't say what it is. Maybe someone here knows if this sounds like an attack? typical symptoms?does this sound like an attack? Strange symptomsIt's 14:01 and I just got here. I love what I do and I hate the weekends because I just wanna get back to work. But now something hit me and I just can't relax. I'll just go back home, play some games and forget about it.Today Is the first day im leaving work thanks to anxiety.I have an opticians appointment today and I always get really worried that they're going to find something wrong with my eyes like  a medical thing. It seems like a weird fear to me but it's still there, anyone else get this?Nervous about the opticiansThe anxiety came on a round 7 pm and continued to intensify. Everything felt surreal and the fear was awful. Finally feel asleep and woke up feeling a bit better. Feeling much better now. I dread having another anxiety attack. I so hate anxiety!Bad NightUsing a throwaway because I done need people knowing my business. Also on phone so sorry for formatting. 

I've been dating my girlfriend for 6 months now. She's 16 and I'm 17 (I'm male FYI). She deals with depression and anxiety and it really fucks with her everyday. I love her and all I want to do is help but I'm so lost as to how. I talk with her about it and she says that it's help that at least I know and accept it and she knows I'm there for her but because of the anxiety I feel like she doesn't want to be a burden on me so doesn't ask for any help. I guess I'm asking (from people who've experienced both my situation and hers) what would the best thing I could do for her? 

Anything you have for me is welcome, thanks a lot in advance. Dating someone with anxiety and depression, need some tips.Does anybody else have this issue? 

I have a degree, but this is my second time around, with a new major. I'm in a technical school, 7-12 M-F, it's not unusual for me to drive to school, park my car, then drive to the park/library to study instead because I'm too nervous to walk in.....like today. :/

EDIT: 7:37, aaand the guilt has set in.

EDIT: Tues 10/25 5PM I went to my classes today! I was so close to skipping again, but I sucked it up and went anyways. It felt like I was dying, but I did it. I also made my first therapy appointment, and I'll be seeing my new Dr. tomorrow evening. I can't stop skipping classes due to anxiety.This happens all the time and I hate it so much. I don't know what to do I feel so stressed and upset now and I don't want to go to schoolI love going to bed and waking up feeling overwhelmedthis is probably a stupid question but I'll ask anyways.
In a couple weeks I've got an appointment with a neurologist in regards to my migraines. I know my migraines also come into play with my anxiety and depression problems. Because the three are linked would the neurologist be able to prescribe anything for anxiety or would he only be able to give me something for the migraines and refer me to a psychiatrist? I'm just curious because neuro deals with the brain and mental health is considered illness of the brain.just curiousSo for some time I get this odd feeling in me that is automatic, I don't seem to have control over why I feel that way and it only ever happens around certain people. This usually occurs around an ex, somebody I deeply don't like or a person I have a thing for and I don't want to fuck it up with them. But this feeling is harmful to not only the way I think but behave too, I can't seem to act normal or get over it no matter how hard I try. 

I want to be able to behave normally but every-time I see certain people I get this sinking feeling in my gut and my heart rate rises. I have no idea why I get this or why I have no control over it. If you put my ex-gf in front of me despite not seeing her for 3 years I'd still get this feeling. What the fucks wrong with me!

I've posted here because I figure it may be some kind of anxiety but I don't even know if that's the case as I'm really not a anxious person.Odd feeling I only get around certain peopleThere are a few medicines out there for treating nausea such as Meclizine. Have you tried this to treat the nausea directly? How did it work out for you?People who get nausea with their anxiety: Have you tried anti-nausea medicine rather than more traditional anxiety medication?Like a lot of people in here, my anxieties are focused around my heart, and thoughts of having a heart attack. I can calm myself down by convincing myself that I'm too young, I'm 31, I've got no family history, every check has come back good, and my symptoms are clearly more anxiety based than anything else. 

However, sometimes you hear stories from people who are the same age, who equally have no history, have had checks, and then have heart attacks out of the blue. 

These stories remove all of my internal reassurances which makes me panic. 

How do people convince themselves its just anxiety and not heart related? How do you rationalise that its not a heart attack?Greetings &amp; Salutations!

Use this post to introduce yourself if you're new. Or maybe you're not so new, but haven't gotten around to introducing yourself yet in one of these posts. That's ok too! Either way, we'd love to offer you a warm welcome to our community. In fact, if you've introduced yourself before, why not take some time to say hi to the new people commenting here?  What do you have going on this week that's giving you anxiety? Talk to us, we can do this together - **you're not alone in this**.

---       

###Question this week:
**What would you like to learn more about when it comes to anxiety, or see more resoures for on /r/Anxiety**    

---


**Come chat with us!** That's right we have an /r/Anxiety irc channel were we hang out and talk about random things, or help those who are having a hard time. Tons of great people so feel free to stop on in and say hello! [Chatroom Weblink](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/anxiety) : [More Information](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/irc)

*********

[Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/index) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/faq) | [Types of Anxiety](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/anxiety_subtypes) | [Online Resources &amp; Downloads](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/onlineresources) | [IRC Channel](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/irc) | [Community Map](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/comments/3oux2l/add_yourself_to_ranxietys_google_map/)
Welcoming Newcomers &amp; Free Talk Thread - October 24, 2016For those who live with their parents and/or have siblings. Whenever you get panic attacks over arguments between two of your family members, how do you deal with it?Family related AnxietyLong story short.

I'm a 39 year old male who has suffered from varying degrees of panic/anxiety disorders with agoraphobia since I was 17 (so 22 years give or take).

This last Saturday (the 15th), I was up late as always and started having a feeling of pain straight down my chest and into my stomach. There was also a lot of pain straight down my back. I thought it was my heartburn/GERD/hernia acting up, never once thought anything else. I took a klonopin to try to calm down and it didn't work, the pain was only getting worse. I sat there breathing heavy from the pain and wondering whether to call a cab to go to the hospital. I was afraid of being embarrassed about yet another trip to the ER where they told me everything was fine.

I took the cab and told them I thought it was my stomach and where my pain was. Since I had pain in my chest, they rushed me back and my blood pressure was at 178 or so. They quickly did an EKG, and not even two minutes later, there was a huge group of people that entered the room telling me 'Sorry but you're suffering from a heart attack. We're going to take care of you now, you're in good hands'.

I had two stents put in my heart during emergency surgery and then was put into Cardiac critical care. I spent the rest of Saturday sleeping and recovering, and most of Sunday as well. I had 100% blockage on the right side of my heart and 80% on the left side. They also said I needed another stent put in, and wheeled me down on Monday and it went without a hitch. Finally I was released Tuesday by 10:00 A.M.

Since then I've had all but one day where I've been full of anxiety. During the day I'm actually pretty OK, but at night the anxiety and panic come. Worried about having another one when I feel any odd symptom.

Tomorrow is the first time I will be going out since the heart attack (well, going out on my own and not with a friend driving me around in a car). Just a half block walk to catch one bus, then another block walk to catch connecting bus, then two block walk to visit with new primary care doctor.

It feels like everything is new again with this. I always had anxiety/panic about going out, and now it is made worse because of the heart attack.

Anyone have any input? I would greatly appreciate it!Anyone here a heart attack survivor who also had a history of panic attack pre-heart-attack?Hello, 
In the middle of a panic attack and trying to stay calm. I have been pretty good about controlling my anxiety enough to not get panic attacks but I could tell it was just a matter of time before I got one and sure enough here we are. For the past two weeks my anxiety has been crazy high. I don't really know what I'm looking for here maybe just someone who understands and help ease my mind. I get really bad night time anxiety. Once everyone else in my family goes to sleep for some reason that's when my anxiety kicks in. And if I have a panic attack it seems to be on Sunday nights. Last time I had a panic attack I ended up in the er and was confirmed I had a panic attack. Embarrassing but I swear it feels like a heart attack. Ugh. I've already taken my xanax but I'm not sure it's working too well for me. I'm on the lowest dose. What are some things you have found that help you come down from a panic attack? Thanks so much in advance! Panic attacksI've been having a rough couple of days and just want to hear from anybody like me. 

I started getting panic attacks in 2013, but quickly seized control of them and worked, played, socialized otherwise. I didn't really have any anxiety or other symptoms outside of the actual attacks. 

In summer 2015 I started having more, longer lasting anxiety symptoms, fatigue issues, gut problems and more frequent panic attacks as a result. This got worse until I had a breakdown in December 2015 that made me leave work. I live with my parents who, thank God, support me. 

Since then, I've had multiple breakdowns to the point where I feel physically ill almost every day, often for the entire day. The mix of flu-like fatigue, mental fog, DP/DR, physical tension and weakness feel as close to death as I can imagine.

Every time I slip close to functioning, I quickly get worsening symptoms and fall back to inability. I can't work, I can't socialize, I usually can't even function well enough to enjoy my family. At this point, I can no longer imagine myself getting better and functioning at any level. I may have to consider disability soon. To make matters worse, I have myriad physical problems that I don't know whether they're causing more symptoms or are the results of constant malaise. 

How many people does this happen to?  How long has yours lasted?  Has anybody who can relate gotten better eventually?  I'd love to hear some other stories and perspectives. I want to hear from anybody whose life is just completely disabled by their symptoms.Every time I was my hair in the shower and close my eyes so soap does not go in my eyes, I get so paranoid that some one or some thing will appear right infront of the shower and start attacking me.

If I tell myself that its all in my head I can only stay calm for like 5 seconds and it just comes right back.

Anyone else in a similar situation (being paro about what you cant see)?Bad anxiety when washing my hairHey guys. I've been dealing with anxiety for quite some time, however I've never been quite sure what to say it is to people who ask. My psychologist/psychiatrist just say "anxiety," but the people around me always say "what kind?" 

Well I can say it's not specifically social. For sure I don't exactly like to speak in front of people, but I can do it. It won't hurt me. Neither will spending a night out with some friends.

I feel like GAD is too painful to explain how I feel. While I have lots of symptoms of GAD, I don't think I suffer as much as someone who has a clear case. 

I heard of something today called high functioning anxiety. After reading some tidbits online, I found myself relating to lots of not only internal symptoms, but external as well. 

My question is, is this worth talking to my psych about? Is high functioning anxiety a thing?

(Sorry for sounding kind of dumb. A lot of people online have been telling me I sound like I have special needs lately, and I wonder if it's true and my family doesn't want to tell me.)High Functioning AnxietyWhen I'm anxious I tend to think about the worst possible case scenarios. Example: A friend didn't reply to my text? They must be mad at me! Or something bad happened to them!  

I'm sure you guys have experience with this kind of thing haha. When you're in a state of mind like this, how can you tell whether your thoughts are reasonable or if it's just your anxiety?How can you tell whether or not your worries are rational?I'm always struggling with my anxiety. It's a curse I was meant to bear for some reason. I like to think of it as keeping the rest of the world in balance while I absorb the negative energy for them. I hate it, but I love it; call it yin and yang. I feel as if my guardian angel was trying to send me a message and I caught it. I zoned out half way through this post if this sentence is considered half way. Yin and Yang. Y. In &amp; Ang. In the Ang of The Last Airbender. Point me toward a goal. Just getting it out.So I have been dealing with this bug for a little over a year and Im trying to get more insight. I work out every day (except weekends), eat mainly clean(Paleo) diet, and try to get my mind clear when I can. Now I have read a lot of stuff online and the deep breathing techniques and coloring books only go so far for me.  I guess my own damn mind is so damn stubborn that no matter what I do It decides to focus on the bad and the good.  
And goodness I know this sounds dumb but, the medication is sketchy too me..Thinking about it gets me anxious..the reason being is I own firearms and love to shoot and hunt with them. And for some strange reason, is that medication will be a slippery slope and will create a barrier for one of my hobbies. 
 
So Redditors, Whats your secret, technique, process.Thanks in advance. All Natural or meds?Quick background: I had a panic attack earlier this year for the first time ever. It was so bad I thought I was dying. Prior to that, I would have never described myself as anxious, stressed, or panicky in any way. I was outgoing, positive, social, great at my job and fairly laid back. After the attack, the anxiety came on full force and I experienced a lot of the typical symptoms. After nearly 8 months of seeing a counselor and making some changes in my life, I'm doing much better on several fronts. However, the one thing that changed after the attack and has not improved at all is my focus. I used to be able to multitask no problem - now, it takes all of my energy to get work done, carry on a conversation (especially if it's one I'm not interested in), etc. I notice it more at work than at home. The only way I can really describe it is a head fog. Saw doctor and he said it might be adult onset ADHD but not sure yet. Just curious if others have experienced this and, if so, what you did about it. Anyone experience difficulty focusing?I have had severe anxiety for half of my life now. At first my parents thought it was something I'd grow out of, so I went years without any help. I began having frequent panic attacks and wasn't able to function due to lack of sleep. I began doing poorly in school and as a result, the disappointment from my parents and feelings of being a failure began my descent into the hell in which I currently reside. My self esteem, my confidence, and attitude went down the toilet, only perpetuating the feelings that I couldn't beat this thing.

I've only recently begun to feel that the need to get over this is stronger than the fear of facing it. I've begun therapy and I have an upcoming appointment with my doctor to talk about medication. 

All that exposition aside, I frequently feel that my brain has already been molded to a point that is beyond permanent repair. I constantly feel doomed that no matter how much better I get, I will still never be fixed. I will still never be able to enjoy my life because I'm too afraid of it. That my life, is done. I feel as if I can no longer be who I want to be. There's no escape from it, this is just how I will live the rest of my days; suffering and feeling afraid of invisible stimuli. 

Have any of you ever experienced these feelings? Have any of you overcome them? How do you get past the thoughts of being beyond repair?I feel like this happens to me every semester, there's always one class with a professor that intimidates me and or gives me anxiety because of the way they teach their material. I stopped going because the professor just wasted so much time talking about her personal life and we would only get through like 5 slides on the powerpoint before she would send us off. I hated this because my college is slightly far from my house so it takes me a long time to drive there and back and I absolutely hate driving because it give me crazy anxiety (I can't even drive on the freeway because it scares me so much).

I've been trying to convince myself to just go back to class but I am too scared to go back, class interaction is pretty much required and I am awful at that, plus everyone has to know each other by now (the class size is slightly small) so I am just going to be the odd one out which scares me even more. I did go back 2 weeks ago to take the midterm but that's it. To make matters worse I just got an email from my professor saying that she was disappointed in all of us because a majority of people got a 75% and below on the midterm (I got a 65% somehow) and she was saying stuff like "this is because *some* people don't show up to class as much" or "Some of you did not take the whole test" (I didn't know a few questions) and I know she was talking about me which fucking horrifies me even more. I cannot force myself to go back now because I feel like she is just going to judge me when I show up, I also have to go in to do a speech that as assigned on the first day in about 3 weeks and I am absolutely fucking horrified to do that. I am so scared to go back but I am also so fucking scared to fail even though this is only a general ed class. I've already failed / dropped out of 2 classes so far (over 2 semesters) and my parents are already pissed enough and I am just so scared and lost at the moment.

I honestly don't know what to do anymore.I haven't been back to my Government class in 5~ weeks and I'm too scared to go backGreat read about Anxiety. Don't judge by the title.The thought of going and seeing all those people terrifies me. I'm a junior in high school with no friends and I'm terribly nervous no matter where I am. I went to a day hospital for 2 weeks (so I missed 2 weeks of school). It's the same as before. I learned stuff and I think I've made an effort to change but I'm just not getting the results I want. I don't know if I can finish this year and then another full year. I'm a mess. It's 11 PM, I have school tomorrow and I don't know what to do with myselfI'm on 20 mgs and it's been a very interesting experience, especially because it's a fairly new drug in the market. I don't feel like as much of a dispassionate zombie in contrast to my experience on Lexapro, but I'm finding that my anxiety is way amped up. My doctor says that this will pass when I start to level out, but... 

I would love to hear some Trintellix stories! Does anyone have any experience with taking Trintellix?I have a generic anxiety but no panic attacks. Which medicine should I try to get prescribed for myself? Something non-addictive and without major side effectsBest medicine to start with?My worst one happened in a Staples store.  I was hungry and had made the mistake of consuming a Dr. Pepper (caffeine on an empty stomach, woohoo!) shortly beforehand.  I literally thought I was dying, my face was white as a sheet (according to my classmate), and I absolutely HAD to remove myself from that store ASAP.  

My vision was tunneled, the roof of my mouth was tingly, I felt like I was going to collapse, and I couldn't stand to be in that brightly-lit building for one more second.  

My classmates were of little help.  We had gone to Staples at 7 in the evening to get supplies for a project that was due the next afternoon.  I was barely able to focus on the task at hand and told them several times what was happening to me and that I needed to leave.  They seemed annoyed and for the most part ignored me and finally I shoved the supplies I'd picked out at them and left the store.  

The panic attack didn't abate once outside, and when my classmates had finally paid and joined me and we got into the car, I began feeling like I was going to lose bladder and bowel control.  I was mortified that I was going to pee and poo all over my classmate's front seat!  I was 20 years old!  My panic attacks had never included incontinence before, so of course this made me even more convinced that I was dying.  I was literally clenching my sphincter muscles the entire ride back to the dorm.

Fortunately by the time we arrived back at the dorm the attack had lessened by about 90%.  I felt almost back to normal, aside from some residual shakiness and anxiety over the ordeal.  I called my mom and told her what had happened and then stuffed dinner into my face.[Possible TRIGGERS] What was your worst ever panic attack like?This just started happening to me, I always get the urge to cry whenever someone makes me nervous or something seems off. I want this to stop. Because it's not a tiny cry I cry A LOT and it doesn't stop :/Do any of you cry when you're nervousI have severe GAD and have noticed that having something in my hand to "play" with helps soothe me. Do you have something like that or have you heard of it? I'm looking for a twisty ring type. Fidget toys?I don't know what to do. For the last few years at high school, I've pretty much only hung out with the same people, most of whom I've known since I was around twelve. Since starting uni, however, I knew I had to make new friends because my old ones have all gone to different parts of the country. Problem is, my anxiety makes sure that I have no idea how. I've tried everything - at first I was my normal shy self, and that just put people off me. Then I tried putting on a more confident and funny facade, and that didn't fool anyone. In fact, it probably just made me come across as more annoying than anything. Then I tried going to groups relevant to my interests but I just felt out of place, like an intruder. I also tagged along on a few nights out (even though I hate them) but it was clear that I didn't belong. I've stopped getting invited now.

So now I'm stuck with no friends and no idea how to make any. I'm living at home, so I don't have any flatmates to hang out with. I look around and see that everyone's already sorts themselves into friendship groups, and I'm left on the outskirts. I don't mind being alone, but once in a while it would be nice to have company that does more than just tolerate me. Any advice would be appreciated.Can't make or keep new friends at university.I've been experiencing anxiety and panic attacks for many years now. It has been getting progressively more difficult to cope, so I did something I haven't had the power to do until now. I reached out for help. 

I have an appointment to talk with a doctor about my anxiety for the first time this week. My worry is that they'll just throw pharmaceuticals at my problem and it won't truly make it better. 

If anyone has felt this way or has experience starting anxiety medication, your input would be appreciated. Nervous about starting medicationI've never had anxiety this bad before, but it's really debilitating now to the point where I can't even enjoy going out and doing things because of either my head feeling off or my stomach being crampy. 

So does anybody else feel this: Usually just by sitting around, you feel extremely sleepy and fatigued. Sometimes you've got a headache that hurts your sinuses, sometimes the back of your head. Your neck is stiff and achy. However, the most annoying thing is feeling an odd pressure in the sides of your head and if you keep yourself still for too long, this fuzzy feeling builds up in your head and it feels like you're about to faint. Quickly snapping out of it, it feels like a rubber band snapping in your head like waking up with a jolt from sleep. Heart pounding, and not understanding why that just happened. If you continue to think about it, it will happen again. It's hard to concentrate, and you just feel like yawning and stretching.

I usually just have to massage the back of my neck to keep it from happening, but does this ever happen to anyone? It's sort of a new thing that's been happening and I can't even get a haircut without this coming up. I'd go to the doctor, but I'm afraid they'll tell me it's nothing. A waste of time, you know? I really want it to stop.Annoying "Tipping-Chair-and-nearly-falling" feeling, and more...[Why can't I hold all these feels?!](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/421/566/93b.jpg)

Been on Paxil 60mg for 7 years now, on varying doses of it for about 17 years. Yeah. I was around 11 when I was put on it. It was the 90s, ain't no one knew about that suicidal shit yet!

Anyway, I've been stable for years and decided to try a lower dose. Psych told me to do half, so 30mg. I have miraculously avoided the zaps which always used to come when I had a dosage change, but now WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE EMOTIONS?!

For 4 days I got madder and madder and cried over some slights a friend made before I finally snapped at her. Today my dad wanted to check my oil and windshield fluid right when I wanted to go shopping and I almost had a toddler style tantrum. 

If I watched a tear-jerker I might create the next Great Flood. I've never had PMS, but is this what other women mean when they get emotional around their period?psychologist adjusted my meds, now i feel like a memeSo, a few days ago I learned that my Grandma had Leukemia, and I was shocked. I tried to not think about it, because I would just weep for hours. I couldn't hold it back anymore, and I thought about what my Family, Relatives, and my Grandpa feels, they're high school sweethearts and it hurts me inside knowing there's a possibility that my grandma might not survive this and what my grandpa would feel. 

So recently, my Dad have been video chatting more with my Grandma and Grandpa to check on her (My parents and I live in Canada, and my Grandparents lives in Philippines). They want to see me, I want to see my grandma badly as well, however Im camera shy. Everytime my relatives point the camera at me when we are in a call with them, my anxiety kicks in and so I just bail. It also hunts me to think about every time I get in a video call with them, all I would see is my grandma getting weaker and It'd just kill me more inside. 

I know that Im an asshole for not going on camera to have a good talk with her, but It also hurts me inside to not see and see my Grandma. Do you have any tips to overcome my fear? I dont know what to do.I am an 18 year old insecure virgin who is worried as hell. To make a long story short I have been anxious about sex all my life and stood up many opportunites with beautiful girls who sincerely liked me. These last months I've made great progress working on my shyness and I've met yet another girl who is intrested in me. I would be a fool not to make her my first, but I am just so anxious about getting intimate that I simply cannot do it.

One of my main insecurites is the size of my "tool". Since I was a kid and was mocked by my older brother and his friends I have been worried. Today it measures about 6.2 inches in length and about 4.6 in girth. I know it's not the worst stats but I just can't help picking myself apart about it. The girth is somewhat on the lower side of average and it destroys my self confidence. I imagine every possible bad scenario, her dissapointment. 

Do someone out there relate to this problem? I'm thinking about taking it up with my therapist I started going to, but I am so ashamed. This is not my only insecurity but far the one that has shaped my life the most. Please if you have any tips or something that can soothe this problem I would appreciate it. Thank you!How do I get over this? (Sexual anxiety)I have drug anxiety and anxiety about feeling "weird'. Should I just say fuck it and take it? I'm sure I'm worried about nothing. 

Edit: took .25mg little over 30 min ago. Feeling very mellowed out - HR down to 84 from the 122 it was during drug anxiety. Still have to steer thoughts from anxious topics but is much easier to do so. Anxiety about taking Ativan my doc prescribedHello! I've had anxiety for 2+ years now. I stopped taking medication because I felt too dependent on it (as in it was my backup for any situation I could have anxiety). I have this irrational fear of blacking out because of an anxiety attack. But I'm 20 years old and very healthy. I really only have anxiety at work. 

Is passing out during an attack a thing?

After an attack I'm exhausted, how can I fix that considering I work 12 hours a day?

Thanks all! 
Passing outSo i've been feeling like absolute shit the past few days and my anxiety is making it worse. I've been getting headaches, dizziness and chills. I know for a fact my anxiety is a making it all so much worse. So today I decided to make an appointment with my university counselor to start talking with someone about my anxiety. And starting today i'm going to try and stop using my e-cig. It's been a long time coming. It seems to just make me feel worse lately and I just do it out of habit. It might even be contributing to some of my headaches... so here's to hoping these steps are an improvement...Making a big step today.Not sure this is the right place for this but the idea of death and what happens after is literally consuming me. I cant think of anything else but it recently. Life feels so pointless if everything I do doesnt matter and will lead to death. Im very interested in Science (I dont study it but I read tons of articles and watch a lot of youtube /vsauce and space stuff) which just makes me think were organisms thatll simply cease... i suffer from anxiety already and not knowing what happens when we die consumes me.
The idea of the afterlife consumes meHi all! This is my first Reddit post and it's fairly long, so thank you for your giving your time and help! I appreciate any feedback given :)

**Background** 
Depression and anxiety are very close to my heart as I've experienced it for many years. I'm focusing my first project in school on designing a mobile app to help those experiencing these issues. (I'm studying User Experience Design with an online bootcamp called BLOC). 

**The Idea**
The app would be a journaling tool, tracker, and social community. It would utilize a Cognitive Behavioral Therapy tool called "GRAPES" which stands for:
* Gentle with self (e.g. How were you kind to yourself today?)
* Relaxation (e.g. took a bath)
* Accomplishment (e.g. did laundry)
* Pleasure (e.g. enjoyed a bowl of juicy fruit)
* Exercise (e.g. took a 15 walk), and
* Social (e.g. smiled at a stranger)

The user has the freedom to select which category they'd like to record (i.e. you don't have to do them all, because small victories are important!). I'm considering including rating how they feel, and recording any other notes they would like.

The SOCIAL aspect would be like a forum where people can share specific stories or celebrations! The idea is to feel less alone and more empathy.

I have many other features I'd like to consider, but I have very limited time, so I have to pick the most important ones. (let me know if you think there are other features that are more worth it!)

**Would you be able to tell me your thoughts about this?**
How useful/helpful will people find this tool? Are there other features and details I should change and consider higher priority? Any other thoughts?

Again thank you so much for your time and any feedback! I'm so excited to be working on this project.How helpful do you think this mobile app would be for someone with anxiety/depression?So a lot of times I know on articles on dealing with anxiety and therapists and stuff they say well "This too shall pass" or that this is temporary. 

What does "temporary" even mean in terms of time? To me it just means the opposite of permanant. I'm a very science/math type person and to me temporary can mean years and years until it goes away. 

Like even if the anxiety or depression were to last 10-20 years it would still be defined as technically "temporary" when to me that may as well be "forever". Temporary can mean anything from it will last 1 more nanosecond all the way to decades. 

So what does temporary even mean in terms of a time frame? Why do articles say its temporary when it could really be years?

Im always 24/7 often thinking about how long until I return to normal. Explain "temporary" to methis startup in england are hiring people with social anxietyI'm being very hard on myself and I'm disappointed with the decisions I made. It's a crazy hangover and anxiety combo and idk how to deal with it. I'm surrounding myself with good people, watching tv and resting. Mentally I am a wreck. Getting that weird throat closing up feeling to. Any advice? Anxious from partying after the weekend. Don't take meds or anything, idk how to deal with thisSo, this last Friday I had a job interview at a car rental business. The interviewer started asking questions, as it should be and one of those questions was if I'm able too handle pressure. I told him not so much! And he said oh, then you need to say yes no matter what, and told be that that wasn't an official interview and he was just merely preparing me for the real one on Monday. He told me that I need to handle tons of clients (if the day is rough) and answer the phone calls at the same time. I was panicking inside! A couple of minutes later when i left, he calls my mother and tells her that I was a bit timid and nervous, that I needed to get confident to get that job. So when my mom hanged up, she started telling me that I needed to stop being timid. At that point I freaked out and I cried a little too... I grabbed my glasses and started crushing them with my hands. It was a horrible day.

I was supposed to go to a psychiatric evaluation, but never went. It was the stupid and naive me thinking that I didn't need any help. And oh boy how wrong I was. I NEED help. I will call again to make an appointment; and go this time for sure. I can't handle this anymore. Plus having attention deficit doesn't help with my situation either. 
Sometimes I think that I'm cursed...
EvaluationI love fall. Ever since I was little I've loved the cold months through fall and winter. Bundling up in sweaters and drinking hot cocoa or tea in front of a fire at night while reading a book is the most relaxing thing I can imagine.

That being said, I always get so anxious and depressed when it starts to get into this time of year. In my adult life I discovered that this is due to seasonal affective disorder, but I was wondering if anyone else experiences it the way I do. Theres something about it, like a noticeable shift in the air, that just gets to me. The way the shadows cast so early, the air that can't decide what season it is thats winter in the shadows but still summer in direct light, and it gets so much windier and you can almost hear the emptiness/ deadness of the trees in the way they're moved by the wind. The wind itself almost feels like it carries sounds farther while also adding more of an echo (cars driving, dogs barking, sirens, etc).

Mostly it's the light I can't stand. The weird brightness of fall gets to me, how harsh the sun is during the day outside my window while also carrying so little warmth. I feel so... exposed in fall sunlight, like theres a weird spotlight on everything around me. It makes me so uncomfortable that I want to hide inside and I never really relax until nightfall. It feels like a Sunday night every day or something, I dunno.

Does anyone else feel those things in the fall? If not, how do you feel during fall/winter or what weird things make you uncomfortable about the changing seasons?something strange about fall...I flew 2500 miles away from home and actually enjoyed myself on vacation for a week. 

I was dead set against this vacation. It wasn't happening, but my mother-in-law kind of undermined me and planned it all, then made me book it.

Guys, I'm telling you, I would consider myself on the pretty bad end of anxiety, I'm agoraphobic and have panic disorder. But I fucking rocked this shit. 

I know it sounds clich  but I think what helped me the most was acceptance! huge success story for mePersonally I get super offended when someone says meditation is more effective than medication, because I don't think anyone with anxiety actively chooses and is excited about having to be medicated.  

That being said, does anyone truly believe meditation/diet/exercise/etc. can be effective -- more so than medication and/or therapy?

I struggle with high anxiety, panic attacks, and a bit of depression too. I'm rather new to this sub so I'm sorry if this topic has been covered recently. In the 10 months I've been on Effexor, I've experienced more relief from anxiety more than I could have ever dreamed of. I don't even care about the stigma anymore because of how much it helps me

I'm just really interested in the opinions of those who actually deal with this stuff too, instead of the random Facebook friend who thinks they have such vast knowledge.

Thanks in advance!Meditation vs. medicationHi all. I'm sorry to bother you all but I just need someone to talk too. 

This past weekend has been truly awful for many reasons. Thursday I broke up with my girlfriend. She was so kind and considerate to my anxiety issues but due to other circumstances I felt it best to break up. 

Through our relationship there have been alot of stress thanks to a pregnancy scare (previously posted on here, thank you so much to those who spoke to me). It drove me crazy. I couldn't stop worrying, even now after everything has passed and knowing she is not pregnant I still worry. How is that? That is just not normal. I need help. 

But I've hurt her. Really hurt her. She was confused and angry as to why I was breaking up. I'm moving in January (she knew about this) but I couldn't think of the pain we'd have to deal with when the time came. I can't breathe and my mind is wondering everywhere from acceptance to utter panic. I hurt her and that kills me. I feel I failed as all I brought was pain and worry. 

I've never broken up with someone before and I just feel sick. Really really nauseous. It's 10.30 in the UK and I have work in the morning and I don't know how i can focus or concentrate. I just shake and burst into tears. This worry is consuming me. I don't know what to do. 

I want to call my GP here for the NHS but i just feel he's going to bat my problems away as merely exhaustion or stress and tell me to relax.I broke up with my girlfriend and I can't stop crying.Hi guys,

I wanted to post here because I love the reddit community and I really need some advice here.  I've been in college now for a few years and I've found myself in a place I don't want to be in.  My first year away at school I did great.  I absolutely loved it (and still do) and was able to manage my time and do well in all of my classes.  It's now my junior year and I've been struggling with anxiety, depression, and the overall workload.  I'm in a pre-med program so I find myself stressed all the time.  Mix that with my social anxiety, and I feel like I'm beginning to slip academically, and isolate myself socially.  

I've always had social anxiety, but freshman year I tried to get out more, and found myself overcoming a lot of my fears on my own.  Now I feel like I've fallen back to my old anxious self, and at this point in my life, I've found it to be holding me back.  I love my career path, but I've found my anxiety to be affecting my studying, keeping me worried about random things instead of reading my books.  This causes me to fall behind, which causes more anxiety, that eventually turns to depression (knowing that I could have done better).  Socially I've always been a nervous person, so relationships with women don't come easy for me.  Luckily women tend to come to me, so I've had a few relationships, but they've all ended in a way thats left me extremely depressed. 

I talked to my doctor for the first time about my anxiety this summer and he suggested a therapist, but I never had the courage to actually call and make an appointment.  I've fallen behind in a few of my classes, and I feel like I'm loosing a lot of my friends because of my anxiety.  I'm just looking for some advise that might be able to get me back on the right track.  I was thinking that medication might be able to help me, but I've never taken any sort of meds before, and I'm not sure how to bring it up (I get very nervous talking about this subject).  I don't really know what I should do, but I need to change something before I get too far behind.   I've found myself Falling behind So, for the first time I'm trying to document my anxieties take so I can start figuring out how to overcome them. Below is a semi stream of consciousness rant that I captured yesterday with the hopes of maybe presenting it to a therapist or something. I found it kind of interesting so just thought I'd share, any thoughts are appreciated.

&gt; *Saturday morning panic - I wake up on the weekend and freak out because I don't know what to do with myself.  With no work to go to I don't have an activity pulling me in a direction.  I think about all the things I could do, all the things I should do, all the people I could reach out to to see what they're up to and if they want to do anything with me, but I inevitably get decision fatigue/decision lock and can't figure out what to do.  This just keeps increasing in intensity until a) something happens that I can go latch onto, or b) I force myself to just go take a walk or do something on the list that breaks the cycle.  I'm experiencing this panic train of thought right now so let me go into detail:  It's a beautiful Saturday outside and I am wasting my free time because I can't decide what to do, this is making me angry at myself.  My first thought when I woke up was to go for a hike because it's so nice out.  My second thought was, who should I go with (more aptly, who would want to go with me?)  I'm not sure about that, which results in its own failed decision tree.  I'd probably like to go with Savannah because she likes hiking and we get along, but I keep thinking of reasons it's not going to work out, all fears and doubts.  Is that what I really want to/should be doing?  Would she even want to go?  I'm worried about my car, it really needs an oil change, should I be driving it to the gorge?    At this point I'm wondering if my writing is ok and my instinct is to go back and re-read everything I've just written and make sure it sounds right, and I almost did, and compulsively want to, but I'm pressing on because that's not the right thing to do right now and I'll lose my train of thought (***this is its own problem - I lose my train of thought all the time because I overthink/overevaluate everything)  Fuck!  Anyway - then I think about getting my oil changed, and should I do that today or another day, but then I can't drive anywhere, and what mechanic should I go to and how much does it cost and when can I drop off/pickup my car and how does that work with my schedule.  And so I figure all that shit out, sort of, I have the information, but I'm still not sure what to do.  I mean, I still want to go on a hike, but I have to shower and then probably get food and what should I eat?  I don't have much at home so I'd have to go get something, but what?  My diet is so restrictive because my stomach is fucked up.  So making food decisions is a constant struggle in itself.  Just the basic act of eating, seriously.  At this point I'm really hungry so I just eat a ton of cheese and crackers.  Nobody is really doing anything.  I think about all the other stuff I need to do - clean the house, finish unpacking stuff from when we moved a month and a half ago, do laundry, take a shower, fuck my back hurts I really need to stretch and shop for a mattress and pay bills and update my credit card for all my auto pay stuff because there was fraud on my card the other day and I had to get a new one and I now have to poop.  So I do that and I'm like 'well I'm already in the bathroom, I should just shower now' which is purely a lowest effort decision.  Then I get dressed and by now hours have passed and it's afternoon and I still don't know what to do with my day and there's 20 things swimming around in my head of what I need to/want to do and I can't make a decision and my angst/anxiety is building and building to to fever pitch and at this point I don't want to do any of them and just want to be free of decisions and be outside somewhere enjoying the sun.   And now finally Alex is like 'hey wanna get some food/drink' and I now have something to do that will free me from this mental prison.  The End, not really.*Saturday morning panic - how do you deal with this?Hello everyone, it's my first time making a reddit post, I'm writing it because I need some help, from people that don't know me. 

To start, I was always a nervous child, every time I changed school I was so nervous all the time, the first weeks at least. In the beginning, it was so easy for me to make friends, but suddenly I started being so afraid to talk to people, in a group of friends etc. Somehow in Facebook, Discord, etc it's a lot easier. I guess it's because we are not face to face...

The last time I was in a group of people I completely freak out and had to leave, it was this family meeting, and I was really uncomfortable with just around 10 people around me, then my uncle started saying I needed to lose some weight (I'm a little chubby, and I have a genetic disease, which he didn't know of, so it's complicated to lose weight), my parents started to tell him my problem, and all that 'attention' made me so nervous! I started shaking, my hands were cold and sweaty, so I just gave a stupid excuse and went home. 

In my current position, I started this master degree in a new school, also new city, new people etc... My classmates seem to be really nice to me and all, but I'm always nervous when talking to people, so I prefer to stay quiet, afraid of what they will think of me, but this as made it complicated to make new friends. 
I'm also really nervous in being in a car. In January 1s, at night, me and my parents suffer and accident coming home from the airport. A big dog cross the road and we hit him. All I remember is seeing something in front of the car and scream a lot. I didn't even realize it was a dog until they told me. Nothing happen to us but the car had to be taken, but after that, when I'm in a car, I'm nervous, specially at night, night time is the worst. This has made it really hard on me, since I have a car license (no car yet) and I can't drive, because I'm too scared, and I have to close my eyes when I'm in a car with someone at night, which make them think I'm just sleeping... Sometimes I have to control myself, so I don't cry. 

Besides all this, I'm always worried about my future, always thinking, 'what if this happens?' 'what if they don't like me?' what if, what if, all the time. Sometimes I even think it's my fault if someone is rude to me, or if someone doesn't reply to me, or if I'm talking about my problems I'm always thinking 'I'm annoying him/her'. I've also 'break up' with my best friend recently, and it makes me think the problem is always ME. Even if I'm happy for a moment, for example with my boyfriend, there's always this 'shadow' around me, making me feel depressed.

I've tried to talk to my parents, saying that I need a doctor, but they just said 'you just need to be more confident' ... this is not the case.

I need help, I know that I can go to the doctor alone if I wanted too, but not having my parents approval makes me not wanting to go, it makes me think they will never help me or believe in me. 
Ending this post, I hope to have some answers that I need, sometimes I even think 'this is not anxiety, I'm being stupid', if so tell me, but right now I really think I need help. 

Thank you so much for reading this, for taking your time to help me. Thank you.
And I apology in advance if my English is not the most correct. 

EDITED: I forgot to say that I had my first panic attack 2 weeks ago, I started screaming and crying, for no reason, I just got mad about a little thing, and it trigger. I wanted to stop, and I couldn't... :(
I think i may have anxietyThe main thing that my anxiety always affects is my stomach. It fucking sucks. Sometimes it'll be nausea, but most of the time I get the shits. I'll suddenly get anxious because of something, and then it hits me like a train and I'll have to run to the bathroom to poop right away. And my stomach being upset makes me even more anxious, especially if there's no bathroom readily available, so it causes it to flare up even more. It's a vicious cycleDoes anyone else's stomach get messed up by anxiety?You know, let's suppose for a moment that I somehow overcame anxiety and introduced myself and got them to agree to a date, why the fuck do I want it in the first place, like at all, you know, besides the obvious sex part, I guess it'd be like having a good, close friend? 

And you know, that involves letting someone close, and what do I have to offer to a close friend anyways, I don't remember any dates, I really don't give a shit about any personal drama, and I almost never talk about specific persons anyways, it's always stupid history bullshit or some boring shit I calculated out of interest, like how much it costs for a train to fully stop and get to full speed again(in my specific case it was around $3.60-ish), and I mean, I can explain concepts really well, but eventually I'd run out of things to say, right?

Am I overthinking this shit again?So why do i even want a relationship in the first place?After years of avoiding counseling, I had a breakdown last week, so my boyfriend convinced me to sign up for an appointment. I'm going for my triage session tomorrow and I'm terrified. I'm afraid to open up about my fears to a stranger, even though they're a professional. I'm also scared of ending up with a bad counselor, even though I'm not sure what could go wrong. I've never been in a professional situation for mental health before and I don't know what to expect. Any words of advice?Afraid to talk about itHi guys. I posted this a couple hours ago and got only two responses, so I wanted to post it again and hopefully receive more feedback.

So as of a few weeks ago my anxiety spiked over a series of job interviews. It's gone from a mild, uncomfortable feeling before interviews to hardly sleeping, eating, or going out at all. I'm constantly afraid all the time. I have a couple of panic attacks every day. My doctor recently switched me from Prozac to Lexapro, and I'm taking Ativan as needed. But "as needed" has gone from a couple of times a week to almost every day.

I got offered a job at a restaurant and my first day apparently is Monday. Just found this out yesterday. It's a short term position, only about two months. I'm currently living with my dad for free. I graduated a few months ago from college, but spent most of the summer travelling.

Normally I would just focus on my health and trying to get better, but in two months I'll be moving to be closer to my boyfriend and get a job in his state. I'm afraid if I have anxiety over jobs now, my anxiety will be 10x worse in a new state. I also really need to save money if I can. But I'm hoping if I don't take this job, I can focus on therapy and getting myself better in the two months to come, so I'll be prepared when the time comes to move.

What my boyfriend suggested was asking to start a little later, since next week I'll be on vacation anyway. That way when I come back, the Lexapro will hopefully be working. Then this week calling my therapist again and trying to schedule something more urgent. 

What do you think? Is it better to "suck it up" and just work, or focus on this crippling anxiety?Take the job, or focus on my mental health?I know side effects are temporary at the start, but i've felt worse since taking it... Yesterday I felt kind of zoned out and couldn't concentrate and just felt weird... And this morning I woke up in a panic attack, and I haven't woken up from a panic attack for 2 years... And last time I woke up from those panic attacks I was on zoloft which is in the same class of med as Paxil... So i'm thinking there's a link.

Also kind of TMI, but my libido has been zapped and I couldn't reach orgasm at all since i've been on the med. I've also felt more depressed generally than I was before on it... So i'm thinking it's not the right fit. Have any of you had a similar experience with Paxil? I'm thinking it's not the right fit unfortunately. Thanks.Been on Paxil for 3 days and already want off, is it too soon?I've been seeing a girl with anxiety for quite a while. She has panic attacks mostly. We're living together (with others). I've been trying to support her when she has anxiety attacks, and it came to a head recently. Usually I do a good job staying calm and being there for her, but as she got more destabilized and started screaming this time I felt like I just filled up and broke. She was telling me to go, and I walked out and slapped a dent in the wall outside. 

I'm not proud of how I reacted to an increasingly intense situation, but I feel like being on the front line of her mental health is hurting my own mental health. I had been ok handling these episodes for years off and on, including more frequently for the past year when we've lived together. 

I don't really know what to do. I hit some kind of mental or emotional limit.  I feel like I simply cannot continue being a large, intimately involved part of her struggle with anxiety, mostly just in terms of being there with her for panic attacks. 

She has started seeing a therapist, but has had terrible experiences with counseling/therapy in the past. 

How do you handle the dynamics of this situation? Do you have boundaries related to panic attacks?Anxiety in a relationshipSo many people saying weed exacerbated their symptoms but for me, it's the opposite. Been clean for a month and am struggling much more than I have done in the past 2 years of near daily smoking.

Anyone else have this experience, or am I placebo-ing myself?

If it helps I don't smoke cigarettes.Does anyone else find weed helps?I should start out by saying I am diagnosed with some pretty severe social anxiety and on top of that I have frequent panic attacks from either overwhelming social situations or instances that trigger my PTSD. I have been on Lexapro, propranolol, xanax, and recently valium. One of two problems is my psychiatrist; she won't prescribe benzos because of a family history of addiction, but they are the ONLY thing that helps my panic attacks. She also is into more 'natural' alternatives to prescription meds which may work for some but not for me. So I have not been placed on a daily anti-anxiety medication but rather a vitamin (L-theanine). The second problem - can you even be on a once a day type of medication as well as a quick acting (such as the benzo family or propranolol)? Could you inform me as to which medications have worked for you in the past?

tl;dr
I strongly believe need to be on a long-lasting anti-anxiety medication and a quick acting one for panic attacks. Can this even happen? What medications have worked for you in the past?Problems finding the "one" (perfect anxiety medication)Long story short, I've had panic disorder and GAD since I was 12, and have been seeing this psychiatrist for 3 years now (not frequently). A few years ago I decided to go off meds, because the combination of cymbalta and adderall for ADD was sending me towards adrenal exhaustion. I since have only been taking adderall. 


Earlier this year, I had an ER visit for anaphylactic shock. Since then, my anxiety has been through the roof, with daily panic attacks and obsessive thoughts about my stressors. I saw my psychiatrist, and she prescribed me propranolol (a beta blocker that lowers heart rate and blood pressure).  I felt she didn't really listen to me about the constant debilitating thought process that CBT wasn't even helping, and she countered that she thought propranolol is best because it stops the physical symptoms of a panic attack so I can address the mental causes. I'm currently studying biochemistry and microbiology in college, and I don't have time to even have these kinds of thoughts that make me want to shut down. 


I also have consistently low blood pressure and shouldn't be prescribed a beta blocker. So I haven't taken it, because I have a gut feeling it's not a good idea. 


Earlier this week, I had an episode of tachycardia and had to quit the adderall cold turkey. Because of both, my anxiety is completely through the roof. I asked my general doctor for a prescription to Zoloft (because it's worked very well for me in the past) and she gave me one. 


I can't help but feel guilty for going against my psychiatrist here, but I also want to feel vindicated that I know my body and mind better than she does. I have felt Luke she's pushing for me to be off major meds entirely. 


Any insight? Am I making a mistake? Or am I doing the right thing for me?


Edit: I have now tried the propranolol and do not like the way it makes me feel. 
Starting meds against psychiatrists wishes, am I doing the right thing for myself?before i begin, i'd like to say that im not sure what im about to describe is specifically a symptom of my anxiety, or this is part of something else... 

i often beat myself up about things, and lately ive started this wierd thing in my mind.  when somebody such as a family member or friend says that they love me/appreciate me/say anything positive about me, i tell myself that they dont mean it, or that its untrue, that i dont deserve this positivity in my life.  yet at the same time i know that *they* mean it, but my mind/my anxiety tells me that they dont...? im sorry if this doesnt make much sense....Does anybody else do this?I constantly over analyze everything. When picking up my baby at daycare the other day, I fear I offended the childcare worker and it's been plaguing me since. I didn't want to visit my husband's family today so I stayed home to clean and worry they think I'm rude for not visiting. I skip a lot of social events due to anxiety and spend the whole time obsessing about what excuse my husband gave for my absence and if everyone thinks I'm a weirdo or hate them or whatever for not going. In the back of my mind, I try to tell myself nobody thinks twice if I don't go to something but my mind just takes over. It's like hurting someone's feelings or worrying I did keeps me up at night. I never feel like I can just say no and skip out on stuff without an excuse so I tend to lie and say I have to work, headache, etc. I'm tired of worrying about this stupid shit and putting everyone else's perceptions (or my paranoid idea of their perceptions) above my feelings. I want to truly not care and of someone doesn't like me or gets miffed, think F it and truly not care. Anxiety constantly that I offended someone and I can't stop overanalyzingI have Irrational thoughts and have to constantly Check them. How can i live without having to check these thoughts?Hello guys, I have just found out about this sub and liked the community. I will give it a shot :)

So I am a high school student, 16 currently. I am on anti-depressants because of my panic attacks. Majority of people hate me because they think I am insensetive, rude and mean. I have never had a girlfriend either, last girl I asked out said that no one has ever liked her and she didn't feel it for anyone else and now she hates me because I got angry when she ignored me afterwards. I find it easy but pointless to talk to people, so if I am to start a conversation and talk about few of my things I am the "fake" guy. When I don't want people giving the lazy people the answers of the homework that they have worked for I am the "selfish" guy. When I tell the principal about the douche who is bullying me I am the "lying rat".  When I am in a community after few weeks, I always feel like everyone is trying to avoid and ignore me. What can I do? Am I a bad guy? 

Thanks in advanceI am lonelyMy GF keeps telling me "It's ok you'll get some medication tomorrow." And I go "I don't have a doctor or a appointment and have crappy insurance'. Then she says I'm not listening to her. It's easy for her to say because she gets 3 Ativan a day.

Then shes mad at me for not going to church. Fuck Church how is that going to help, I'm still an Atheist she just doesn't know it.No one Gets it when your having panick attacksI bought my ticket a while ago, when my friends were planning on also going. Unfortunately it fell through but my ticket wasn't cheap and I love this artist so I'm going by myself tonight. As it's been getting closer, I've been getting more and more anxious about going alone. Any helpful tips?Tips for going to a concert alone?Me too. I know it doesn't help, but you're not the only one dreading the coming week c:For those of you having having a case of the Sundays...So, my current worry right now is my parents. We live in a very populated city, one of the top six populated places in the USA. And all over the news, there's talk about the possibility of the USA going to war with Russia, which could mean nuclear attacks. I live about 70 miles away from the large city, while my parents live in the metropolitan area surrounding it. I'm terrified of us being in danger if war breaks out. Any words of comfort? Too many worries.... (Related to War)Hi, 
My girlfriend has anxiety (I think it's called high functioning general anxiety but I could be wrong on the phrasing) and I'm not sure how I can help. I try to always be supportive and positive but sometimes I don't know what to do and when I ask my girlfriend says nothing or she doesn't know either. 
Basically if you were feeling anxious what are things you wish people would do for you? Or what helps you feel less anxious that somebody else could do? 

Things that would be common for her that you might also experience would be:
Not feeling real, feeling like she's in a dream. 
Feeling tired. 
Feeling run down. 
Zoning out. 
Talking very quietly. Generally more of a mumble than audible words. 
Picking at or biting her nails. 
Feeling anxious about what she eats. 
Feeling unproductive. 
Feeling anxious about her unproductivity. 
Not being productive because she feels to anxious. Repeat the last three steps ad infinitum.
Scared about meeting people of authority (lecturers, managers etc) 
Misinterpreting the way things have been phrased from emotionally neutral or positive to be negative and then stewing quietly in that for long periods. 
Not taking criticism well. 
Crying. Not as frequent as earlier in our relationship thankfully but still happens semi often. 

She does visit a councillor which seems to help so I'd like to leave the how she can personally deal with this side of things to the professional. I'm mainly asking what can I personally do to help her in general and when those specific things are happening. 

So far I know that hugs are good, I make her tea sometimes and that is usually helpful. I try to encourage her to leave to house and exercise if possible (ie. Hey do you want to go for a walk) because I've heard that these are good also. 

I have tried to encourage her to take up new hobbies but nothing has really stuck so far. I have also suggested we go to fun events which generally gets a good response when I say it a few days out but then when it comes to the day she usually feels too stressed or tired to follow through. If I ask her too close to the event she doesn't usually want to do it because she wasn't able to plan it all out. 

I feel I have gotten a lot better at helping her and understanding when compared to my old "just change the way you think so it's the same as me" self but I want to help more. I don't like seeing her have to struggle with this and see it impact her life negatively. I want my girlfriend to feel happy and confident and live life to its fullest. Please help me, to help her. 

Also thank you for reading, I really appreciate it even if you don't comment with a response.Please help me to help others.So I just tried to stay calm and I said I don't think we get along or work together that much and I don't really think we should be friends anymore is what I said and this after about a year of just trying to make us grow apart so we didn't have to have this confrontation but they kept sending me rude skype messages so I decided to end it. Now I'm just worried since I have two classes with this person and all I can think about is "was that wrong?" "Was that cruel" "Am I bad person?" Sorry if I'm just rambling but I don't know what to do was that wrong? Help pleaseEnded a bad friend relationship and they didn't take it wellMy sun roof on my car needs to be fixed and because I can't take it in until after Tuesday and I have no place to put my car in, no garage or nothing. I have been having a lot of anxiety because of the rain we had been having. Luckily for the past two days my anxiety has been better because it hasn't been raining in the day time so I have a break from my anxiety. I keep trash bags or a plastic tablecloth over my sun roof instead and it has been helping because the headboard isn't damp. At least we know now it's the sun roof if the plastic has been helping. Thank goodness it hasn't been windy. 

But the hallucination part, I have felt actual water dripping on me while I would be driving it. I was actually feeling it though I wouldn't see any drips or any wet spots above me and I would feel them and still wouldn't feel any. Does anyone else hallucinate when they have anxiety? 

My anxiety was that bad I was actually feeling water dripping on me. I even start to hear sounds too that are not there and it's all related to any fear I have. I may even feel things that are not there because of how bad my anxiety gets sometimes when I have no control over my environment. Does your anxiety give you hallucinations?I started taking Ciraplex for my awful anxiety 3 weeks ago. It hasn't been pretty. I am not sleeping. Everyday, I feel like I took 40 scoops of pre-workout. My jitters are terrible. I have no emotion, but I am always in a good mood. My moods have stabilized and I'm not picking little fights with my boyfriend, so our relationship has improved in that regard. I want to be intimate, but I am numb from the neck down and orgasms are just not possible anymore. I hate how I feel and what it is doing to my body, but I love not being anxious and having negative thoughts. I am calm and things aren't bothering me like they usually do.

Where do I go from here? This is awful.I just started Ciraplex. I don't know what to do.Hello everybody. I've been struggling with anxiety for 3 years. Before my issues I was shy, but I wouldn't say that I was ever over anxious. Then suddenly during the middle of my sophomore year of college I started having panic attack after panic attack and just a general feeling of anxiety 24/7. I honestly thought I was losing my mind. Recently I went to a different doctor because the anxiety was getting so bad I started developing high blood pressure. She decided to take some blood tests and that's when I found out I had hyperthyroidism. I went to an endocrinologist and she retested me and confirmed my diagnosis. She went on to explain how she believes the bulk of what I'm feeling is most likely due to my thyroid. I was wondering if anyone in this sub has experienced hyperthyroidism and can give me any insight. My biggest question would be does the anxiety ever go away? I'm taking anti thyroid hormone drugs and she claims it will take 1-2 months to feel the effects, but worry that I will never be the same. I miss living a life filled with joy and not a constant feeling of impending doom.Diagnosed with hyperthyroidism. May be a cause for my anxiety. Looking for insightHello everybody. I've been struggling with anxiety for 3 years. Before my issues I was shy, but I wouldn't say that I was ever over anxious. Then suddenly during the middle of my sophomore year of college I started having panic attack after panic attack and just a general feeling of anxiety 24/7. I honestly thought I was losing my mind. Recently I went to a different doctor because the anxiety was getting so bad I started developing high blood pressure. She decided to take some blood tests and that's when I found out I had hyperthyroidism. I went to an endocrinologist and she retested me and confirmed my diagnosis. She went on to explain how she believes the bulk of what I'm feeling is most likely due to my thyroid. I was wondering if anyone in this sub has experienced hyperthyroidism and can give me any insight. My biggest question would be does the anxiety ever go away? I'm taking anti thyroid hormone drugs and she claims it will take 1-2 months to feel the effects, but worry that I will never be the same. I miss living a life filled with joy and not a constant feeling of impending doom.Diagnosed with hyperthyroidism. May be a cause for my anxiety. Looking for insightI get extreme anxiety at my job. I'm not sure what is so triggering about it but I always get anxiety. It's even really difficult for me to leave the house without being in tears. I tend to call out often because I'm overwhelmed but it has been hurting my position at my job. I hate calling out because 1)I hate talking on the phone 2)I hate asking things of people 3)I feel guilty because I know it's really difficult for them to find someone to cover my shift so last minute. They know I suffer from anxiety and major depression. I just can't get past the anxiety a lot of the time, and if I do end up going to work on a really bad day, I throw up. The times I throw up at work they send me home which also makes me feel really guilty. 

Just ranting here...Anxiety in the workplaceI think I've always had high-functioning anxiety that hasn't been identified until more recently by my doctor. I'm about to graduate and the anxiety about applying to jobs and organizing multiple large events is overwhelming me. I haven't been able to sleep properly for over a year and the chest tightness is starting to hurt. 

I have slowly started taking medications like zopiclone and benzos every so often. I'm tempted to take them more often but I'm scared of becoming mentally (not physically) dependent. I have so many applications to write, so many things to do, and I just can't sit down and do it. And it frustrates me more. My doctor has suggested SSRIs, but I'm hesitant. 

I google and youtube things to deal with my anxiety, but I can't seem to focus. I want to see my doctor or a therapist, but timing (low access) and costs prevent me from doing so. 

I'm so tired... I hate myself for being like this... I have a lot of friends and family but I can tell no one quite understands. I feel like I seem crazy. I wish I could hear from someone who's like me. How do you keep going?? I want to give up but I can't. my thoughts are so overwhelming, I can't sleep, and i'm Spiraling.I was driving late at night with only 3 hours of sleep (I know it was dumb and I'll never do it again). 

Basically everything was going good until the last intersection before I reach home. I don't remember the intersection lights. That's the issue. Was it green or red? My mind immediately thinks I may have ran a red light and maybe crashed and got knocked out and all this is just a dream. And constantly thinking "is this real life?". Is this real life? Am I dead? :(

(I realise that this question is kinda selfish to just think about me...but trust me I worried a lot about "what if" I crash and caused harm to others" all weekend long...hence I'll never drive without sleep ever again.)
Worried about car accident (Regarding recent incident). Please help me calm downBy 5 minutes into the visit, I was anxious through the roof. The sights, the smell, the medical equipment, the eerie silence in the hallway, I could barely breathe. I felt like I was gonna pass out by the time I was leaving. 

Just wanted to post here because I have no friends to tell.Visited my great aunt in the hospital yesterdayHi guys. So as of a few weeks ago my anxiety spiked over a series of job interviews. It's gone from a mild, uncomfortable feeling before interviews to hardly sleeping, eating, or going out at all. I'm constantly afraid all the time. I have a couple of panic attacks every day. My doctor recently switched me from Prozac to Lexapro, and I'm taking Ativan as needed.

I got offered a job at a restaurant and my first day apparently is Monday. Just found this out yesterday. I'm currently living with my dad for free. I graduated a few months ago from college, but spent most of the summer travelling. 

Normally I would just focus on my health and trying to get better, but in two months I'll be moving to be closer to my boyfriend and get a job in his state. I'm afraid if I have anxiety over jobs now, my anxiety will be 10x worse in a new state. I also really need to save money if I can. But I'm hoping if I don't take this job, I can focus on therapy and getting myself better in the two months to come, so I'll be prepared when the time comes to move.

What do you think? Is it better to "suck it up" and just work, or focus on this crippling anxiety?To take the job or focus on my mental health?Hello. I am a man near his 30s. It's odd to think about because I do not feel myself as a man. A boy would suit me better. I usually feel like a little boy stuck in a adult's body. I understand that anxiety I feel today is not a feeling that is made in present. It's a ghost of the past.

My family was quite alright. I understand now that the damage which can be done in child hood doesn't need to be great. In fact I think that if your childhood life was great 90% the time the 10% can be enough to make the damage. I have loving parents but when they got me they were unsuitable for parenthood but they did their best.

I took care of my sisters. I am the oldest one. Most of my trauma was made because my parents drank a lot and my mother had mental health problems of her own like panic attacks and depression. I had many nights when I was alone or took care of my siblings when our parents were out drinking. Until my twenties I thought that it was okay: "Parents should have their fun if they wished to have it". I remember thinking.

When I grew up I developed my own drinking problem or maybe I had it in my genes. Who knows?  I also used sedatives. I've been sober now for 4 years. I go to therapy and I have lots of friends. I don't use any medications one reason being that I am addicted to the stuff. I use some melatonin to help me sleep.

I have made quite a recovery. Social anxiety has decreased over the years and many others have diminished. Some times the old anxieties come back. Today I have the "is the oven off when I leave my house"-anxiety.

The hardest thing to face in my recovery has been what I call the "night anxiety". I am pretty sure the feelings of dread and utmost loneliness are feelings what I felt when I was little. I've had sleeping problems my whole life. I have noticed that at 4 am is usually the time when I start to feel that it's safe to go sleeping. I am unemployed and I don't have children. I have a GF today which I think is a miracle. Usually I have left everyone because of my anxiety.

I do not feel very depressed anymore. I have quite a desire to keep living. But the nights are still so hard for me to face. So I thought that could it be possible to reform a Skype chat or some sort for us night owls. I for one think that it could help me with the deep feeling of loneliness. :)

Writing this made me feel hope again. Thank you. :)Peer Support for AnxietyHey /r/anxiety,

Just to get this out of the way, my life has been very turbulent recently. I've quit smoking weed (I'm now on day 12), and my OCD has flared up (I'm scared that I might be in the prodromal phase of schizophrenia, which is a common enough obsession).

Since I've quit smoking weed, I haven't been able to sleep. I'll get a few hours, usually, but after that I'm up and can't fall back to sleep with any consistency. My brain is on high alert, waiting for any thought that might be delusional or paranoid. I know that everyone experiences weird thoughts when they're falling asleep, but whenever I start to experience one, I'll jerk myself back awake. My eyes will be closed, I'll start imagining something out of the ordinary, and I'm conscious again.

Last night, though, I had an extremely weird experience. After starting to dream, I jerked myself back awake. My head started shaking, my arms and legs felt paralyzed for a few seconds, and I could only start to move them again in what felt like slow motion. I saw "stars" or what looked like electrical energy when I opened my eyes. It was the scariest experience I've had in months. I didn't hallucinate anything like a figure walking toward me, so I wouldn't say it was sleep paralysis (although, I did feel like I could make out a face in the "current", but I've been so fixated on potentially hallucinating that I'll "see" faces or eyes in anything pattern based just because I'm so worried about it). When I'm tired, I'll see similar "flashes" of light for a half second, but I've brushed those off as just me being exhausted.

I don't know what to do. I am seeing a therapist, and although she's assured me that I'm not developing psychosis, I just can't be sure, especially not after last night. Weird thoughts (thoughts I'll immediately identify as paranoid or delusional) will pop into my head during the day and I'll have to reassure myself that I don't believe in them. I've read plenty of times that these are just intrusive thoughts, but it's hard to accept that. I'll constantly be looking over my thoughts, trying to make sure I can remember what I was talking about so I know I'm not experiencing thought blocking, or trying to remember if something happened in real life or in a dream.

What really worries me right now, though, was that weird experience last night. I don't know what it was, but it scared me enough to wake my dad up at 5:30 am. He said I was having a panic attack, which might be true, but I don't think I've ever heard of a panic attack happen like that. If anyone could shed light on this, it might reduce my worry. I'm definitely going to tell my therapist about it, but I don't see her for another couple days.Can't sleep, strange experience last nightHow is me drinking everyday better than taking a couple milligrams of Klonopin? I had to order a gram of Alprazolam powder online again and am now waiting for it. Psychiatrists and APRN's are officially obsolete to me now.Forced to Drink because no one will Prescribe Anti-anxiety meds.If anyone willing to share their stories ? What was the moment like? What did you do? Say? I'm still struggling to make people around me understand what I go through sometimes and I don't know what to say to make them understand.The first time the people around you understoodI suffer from mild social anxiety but I really want to have a good time and meet some new people (girls). However going to an all boys school I have not had much experience talking to girls. I am 16 by the way and this is only my first party because I am not very popular. Should I go to town and try to talk to girls to get practice? Should I drink alcohol to settle the nerves?Tips for a 16 year old on the way to a party on ThursdayHi, I have anxiety, and panic attacks. More like a phobia of reading aloud in front of people and public speaking in general. I'm thinking about visiting a psychiatrist to prescribe some meds. How does it work though? If I take meds and go ahead to do a presentation I won't get a panic attack? Please helpHow does medication work?**TL;DR below**


Problem: Bipolar 2 (rapid cycling), Severe GAD, Severe Panic Disorder and the somatoform manifestations of these, including acute flare-ups of fibromyalgia and skin disorders. I used to be a production/project manager in the advertising industry, some big multinationals included. I thought I could handle the incredible stress, but as I got older and especially after the period following 2008 (you took the job you could find, no matter if it was killing you), my anxiety and panic attacks ran out of control and in the process my previously manageable bipolar started becoming problematic. In 2012, my body started acting up. I went from doctor to doctor, from hospital to psychiatrist with no luck. In 2013, I didn't leave my home for 5 months because of Parkinsons-level tremors and panic attacks.


I have tried to take office jobs, but it doesn't last more than 3 months before I'm laid off or leave. There are days where I am unable to walk or write with a pen. At other times I'm so depressed that nothing matters. Or I'll have panic attacks in front of the whole office. Every so often, a bit of mania creeps in and I make big plans and promises at work, only for these to fade by the time I wake up depressed and in enormous pain the next morning. After every loss of a job, I crash hard and long. I've been told by everyone who cares, including my doctor, to give it up because I was destroying myself.


To summarize, I am disabled now. As confirmed by the relevant government department of my country. It will take a few months to process, but I can get a monthly grant from them. It will amount to about $100. That should take the burden off my brother as far as my medication is concerned. He is not earning a lot, but is my sole provider and have given up his disposable income, plus got a credit card, just to look after me. I tried a busy retail job earlier this year to help because I can't be this parasitic and useless. I kept telling myself and everyone that this was great, but he knows me and told me after two weeks that I just thought that I was doing well, but it was obvious that I was about to implode. He said he'd rather find ways to feed us both than allow me to get more damaged out there.


**TL;DR:**

I am more often than not unable to leave home because of severe brain disorders. I am unable to function in an office environment at all because of very visible symptoms and severe prejudice. There are actually not even jobs available, even if I were still at the top of my game.


I have no income or assets left and am cared for by my struggling brother.


I am looking to work from home and it would change my life if I could earn $800 per month.


There is a host of so-called 'work from home' opportunities on the internet, but they are all BS and more often than not ask for money upfront. The freelancer sites are populated with thousands of people who are way more talented, way faster and more highly endorsed than I can ever dream to be. There is also invariably some cost to entry.


**What can I offer?**

-Write medium-level content based on good research on almost any subject. SEO and shareability a given. I'm not below listicles for small fees.


-Data entry, administrative work, sorting and collating of information or any related admin tasks. I am really fast and precise when it comes to admin.


-Conceive and execute email marketing campaigns (in accordance with local spam laws)


-Webmaster for CMS based websites.


-Manage social media channels, including generating content, moderating and housekeeping.
 I am proficient in working with graphics in print and digital, so the look-and-feel or brand    language will be of consistent quality and formatting across all platforms. I understand marketing strategy very well along with all the rules and expectations regarding advertising.


These are just some things I can think of, but could probably do anything possible with a computer and internet connection, short of developing/coding. Of course, it doesn't have to be one of these things in isolation - I can manage a few jobs at the same time.


Any advice would really be appreciated. My brother needs a break and I really could do with regaining some of my financial independence on this small scale. There are billions being squandered each day across the globe. How can I get my hands on a measly $800 p.m.? And I'm prepared to work harder for it than what it's worth.


Thank you 





How to generate incomeA little about me; 
I'm 19, female, from the UK, I've had anxiety disorder for 8 years now. 

I recently got up the courage to start applying for jobs, most of which were supermarket jobs which I was immediately turned away from, no interviews. 
A week ago I sent my CV and Cover letter to a small hotel in my hometown. It's a 4-star hotel but they're expanding to luxury hotel status. They're very popular and is the #1 hotel and restaurant in our town for outsiders. 

I applied here because it seemed so perfect for me, I would be working nights so I wouldn't have to deal with too many people, it's really close to home so there's no travelling involved, and it's a good rate of pay. 
I have been planning A LOT, what i'm going to say, how i'm going to say it, questions i need answers to, what i'm going to wear, how i'm going to do my hair and makeup.. this planning is the only thing keeping me relatively sane at the moment. 
My stomach has been in knots for days, i'm finding it hard to concentrate, i have no appetite, and I just keep worrying that i won't get this job.

I'm posting here because i want to know if anyone else had any tips for me to calm down, i've done everything i can, my anxiety mostly revolves around scheduling, planning, social situations etc. 
I've planned everything, but i can't stop the feeling that i'll forget how to speak and look like some kind of idiot.
I've never had a serious job interview before, all other jobs have basically been offered to me by friends and family, so this is my first formal interview. 





Job interview is in 2 days, I literally cannot stop thinking about it.I feel doomed that my anxiety will always run my life. Especially my love life which I don't have due to my anxiety/depressionBeing around my family has always made me incredibly anxious and tense. I've been taking care of myself since I was little (my therapist calls it 'parentification') because my family is very young and unstable. Nobody in my family is married, except for my grandparents and my grandmother revealed that she had been cheating on my grandfather for the past couple years. My father and mom separated when I was young, but I still remember the ongoing custody battles afterwards and my mom locking me in the car with her and crying and telling me that she would get me back or kill herself. Living with my dad and 2 younger brothers, I've felt myself harden and suppress my emotions because my dad would often mock or invalidate my "illogical" feelings. My brothers are unsympathetic (the eldest is 13 so I can't blame them), and serve as a great annoyance for me especially when I'm irritable, and I can end up snapping at them until I cry (similar to how my dad snaps at me when he's stressed). 

For these reasons and many other stressful situations, anytime I'm forced to be around my family I go into a serious panic mode. I get very suicidal very quickly, and break into panic attacks. It's even worse when I don't have my own room or space to be alone. My mood jumps around extremely. I often lock myself in the bathroom and cry. You get the picture. Now that I'm 18 I avoid being around my family as much as I can but then my dad makes me feel so shitty for not going places with them. Idk what to do. I'm very scared of myself and what the pain will make me do. 

Please don't suggest that I talk to my family. Like I've said, I've already tried talking to my dad and he gets very angry if I "criticize" him or present my feelings to him for "made up" or "illogical" reasons. I feel stuck and I just wanna run away and leave everything behind. Advice for dealing with family?So i have severe anxiety but im usually able to cope with it when im with 1 or 2 people but as soon as there is more than that its like i shut down. I just went to my friends house and there was a group of us and i was there for 4 hours and i must have spoken 5 words. Everyone else was laughing talking messing around whilst i sat on the edge of the sofa not knowing how to join in. I just have no idea what to say or do in groups or how to act. So when i got home i cried for an hour because i end up just loathing myself for it. Anyone else feel like this or know how to help? anxiety being round groups of peopleI have felt this way since at least puberty.  But it has gotten much worse the last few years.  To make a long, weird, sad story short I stupidly confided in a couple people about my minor stepping stones when I came of age over 20 years ago.  I believe both of those people then viciously slandered me.  People seem to shun me like a pariah ever since.  It's all passive and very scary for me.  It has caused me to ruminate constantly to prove my goodness.  Honestly I've always done the best I can.  I'm only human.  And I happen to be a very fine and caring one.  But no one cares.  It feels like everyone loves to kick me when I'm down.  And I'm always down...meaning I always have a fearful/nervous inferiority complex.  In other words I'm an easy target.  Even before this meanness came upon me, I really never had friends.  Everyone always seemed to overlook me or cast me off.  I actually prefer being alone anyway.  I feel I never really relate to anyone.  I am a lone wolf.  But I do wish I had someone near and dear...someone who really got me and needed me.  I just wish I wasn't the only one who felt this way.  I wish I knew another imperfect person who could sympathize with me and tell me I'm not alone.i feel unloved and misunderstoodHello r/Anxiety. Just like all of you, I have a story to tell.  Just like all of you, I'm scared as hell way too often due to the way I feel.  Just like all of you, I need to relate to others because nobody in my immediate life fully recognizes what I go through constantly and the anguish it causes. 

**I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS RIDICULOUSLY LONG, SO I PUT A LINE AND BOLD TYPE TO INDICATE WHERE THE "NOW" PORTION OF THE STORY STARTS**.  I just wanted to add a clear beginning for anybody interested, and just because it always makes me feel a bit less miserable when I talk about it at length.

To start, I've only been suffering since around August 2013. Prior to this, I've never had high anxiety in general, let alone a single panic attack. I was 34 years old at the time, I never had any kind of problems with drugs or alcohol, but I did use either recreationally on the odd weekend. This particular area of time happened to be a close friend's birthday weekend, so we all went out to Manhattan to party. Had a few beers, feeling fine. One friend had a little baggy of coke and asked if I wanted to partake. I was no stranger to a few bumps after a few beers, so I snuck into he bar's bathroom and took a key bump in each nostril. I had probably don't each nostril one more time about an hour later, and had already stopped drinking by then after 4 or 5 beers. When we left the bar over an hour later, I still felt drunk. Not wasted, but oddly off balance and like my senses were all slightly muted. I went to a bodega and got some crackers and water, and my friends decided to wait out with me so I could drive home (they were going to NY, I was headed back east to LI). An hour or so later, I still just felt off, and it had been hours since I drank so I knew I wasn't drunk- but to be safe, I decided to follow my friends to NJ, stay over and drive home after a night's sleep. Halfway through the drive, I felt a head flush and my vision got wonky. I figured I was tired so I opened the window and turned up the music. A few minutes later, I had this impending feeling that I was going to pass out, and out of fear o pulled over and called the friend I was following. He said we were close, so he would stay on the phone and watch me through his rear view to make sure I was okay. When we landed, I passed out and woke the next day feeling a bit hung over-ish (which was odd for me after only 4-5 spaced out beers and a few bumps of coke), but got over it and drove home the following afternoon.  Every day after was uneventful. 

Two weeks later, the same friend had an old high school friend as a visitor. I went over and hung out. They were all drinking, but I wasn't since I wasn't staying all night. Later, we were bored and the same little baggy of coke showed it's face. Having completely forgotten about two weeks prior, and never really considering coke as the main cause, I had a little bit. I was fine for a few hours after, then quickly got a rush and felt jittery. I realized I hadn't eaten in hours before coming over and assumed I had low blood sugar. My friend offered me some snacks and orange juice, after which I felt right again. I never even thought about this reaction except in later retrospect, because it was a minor reaction, even though it was atypical for me.  The following weekend would change that. 

So, fast forward a week. Same friends basically, back in Manhattan at a mutual friend's apartment, waiting to go out for the night. My friend had offered wine as she usually did, and I partook. Two glasses over an hour, but feeling a bit nice. Low and behold, the same baggy of coke comes out (just to illustrate how little we as a group typically did at a time, that baggy continued to last my friends over a month), so I get a bump to myself (we never did actual lines). Afterward, I felt straight hyper- I was used to getting a small boost, but never did enough at a time to get hyper or tweaky. I was feeling beast as a result, but knew coke only lasted a little bit and I'd be back to normal in a while. Well, that didn't happen. Instead I got a full adrenaline rush. My heart was going nuts. My neck pulse felt like it was going to explode out the sides. I couldn't think at all and when I got up to rush into the bathroom I felt like I was about to faint. I looked in the mirror and just felt unreal. I called the one friend who's apartment it was to the door (who was an ex girlfriend on good terms) and told her I felt like I was having a heart attack. She didn't know what to do, but she called an ambulance. After this I came out of the bathroom feeling like it was calming down, but I suddenly felt embarrassed at what had happened and it started again, stronger than the first one. I decided for some reason to purge into the toilet, doing so until my stomach was completely empty. After this, I felt better but was still shocked by the fear I just felt. I was becoming anxious at the thought of going to the hospital so we ducked out of her apartment and walked for a few hours. I was calm, but exhausted, and stayed at her place, driving home the next day, which was a Sunday. The following week was uneventful, until Thursday. 

Thursday, after work, I was driving home in good spirits. It was almost the weekend and it would be the first week of September- my favorite time of year. When I got to my highway exit, the traffic was a bit backed up as usual. I was looking on my rear view when I spotted an older model black Civic with red LEDs as running lights. As I looked at it, I remember feeling odd, as though I was hallucinating, and those red bulbs now looked overwhelming. As I brought my gaze to the front of my car, the tail lights of the car in front of me looked even more overwhelming and otherworldly. I immediately started freaking out and couldn't contain myself, writhing and wriggling in my driver seat, waiting for an eternity for the traffic light to change. Once it did, I immediately pulled into rite aid because not only was I freaking, but I suddenly felt like my mouth was desertous and I was about to die from dehydration. After sitting in my car trying to calm down for 10 or 15 minutes, I went inside and grabbed a drink. As soon as I set foot on the line, I lost my shit, put the bottle down an ran out. I somehow drove home (I never could remember the drive), but when I got there a construction crew was working on one of the rooms by mine and I couldn't find a quiet spot to be alone. I ended up pacing outside for an hour or so before I calmed down- but at this point I was fairly traumatized and was in constant fear. The following day I couldn't even complete the drive to work, freaking at every stop and traffic light. I called my boss (who was an awesome dude) and he begged me to go to the doctor. 

I never went to the doctor prior to this, because I rarely got sick. I probably hadn't been to a doc since 11 years earlier for my only bout with strep throat. Upon going to the clinic, all of my vital signs were perfect. All of my labs (vitamin D, thyroid, liver etc) were perfect. The doctor didn't see a need to look any further, and decided I had developed panic disorder because of the cocaine use those 3 weekends. This is when I actually discovered that it was panic/anxiety, which made it a bit easier to understand. She offered me AD meds, which I refused, but I agreed to try buspirone. Everybody I spoke to, from family to friends to doctors, told me I'd be fine and I just needed to learn how to deal with it. It actually sent me to the ER one time a few weeks later, but after that, deal with it I did, and wonderfully at that. 

I had a bit of fear and avoidance at first, but largely lived my life as it was for the next two years. I tried the buspirone for a month. It made the fear of an attack easier to deal with, but the attacks still happened as often and powerfully as they were before, so I stopped the buspirone. I worked every day. I saw my friends every weekend. I told everybody who I cared about all I had been through, explaining it lightheartedly. Most were understanding, but all were accepting of it. Attacks would happen at work, or at friends' houses, or out having fun- I would usually just hide in a bathroom or outside for five minutes and the adrenaline would subside. It was exhausting and scary, but I could always bounce right back to what I was doing a few minutes later. A year after the attacks started I even managed to land a new job that paid more, and I went through training and placement without issue. I had one very minor panic attack over the course of a few months, and really felt I was largely over it at this point. 

The job was seasonal to start, and we had a short season my hire year in 2014. I was furloughed March 2015 and promptly went on unemployment insurance. After this, I went out to VA to visit some close friends. All of this time was uneventful, lax on panic and really any anxiety. The only reason I mention it is because this is right before the descent into madness. 

After that visit, I decided to buckle down and save cash. I had a wedding to attend in July, then another in August back in VA. I was happy and looking forward to these events. I generally stayed home from May until July, only seeing friends if they were staying home on the cheap. I woke at 9 or 10 am every day, ate, exercised for an hour, showered and relaxed after, watching movies and playing videogames. 

July brought the first wedding. It was a lot of people but I knew most of them. The couple in question were at the hall all afternoon preparing, so it was up to me and one other to round up all of the guests and feed them, offer drinks and get them onto a chartered bus in a timely manner before the reception. I wasn't afraid of it, but it was a touch stressful and imposing. I didn't have a panic attack but I remember feeling oddly anxious, which rarely happened to me outside of actual adrenal panic attack events. It eventually wore off after we got to the reception hall and I could relax and have a few. It ended up being a great time. 

After that, I buckled down again until later August when my friend in VA was getting married. This were becoming odd, however. Humidity and heat suddenly suffocated me and made me feel weak and as though I was passing out. Exercising would kill me. Every day I exercised, went to the bathroom (2) and showered like clockwork, but suddenly doing so would put me into a coma, and I'd wake an hour or two later shaking and would usually have a prolonged, powerful panic attack. This continued every single day at this point.  The fatigue was so bad that I first decided to stop exercising.  This would decrease the likelihood that I would have a fatigue attack, but didn't eliminate the problem.  I would still have random fatigue attacks anywhere I went, including home, and they would feel so horrible that a horrendous panic attack would result every time- and sometimes in strings lasting over an hour that would see me lying on the floor quivering.  I was losing control big time.

I visited VA and was very excited.  I was looking forward to it because I rarely get to see my VA friends more than once a year- and since I was still on furlough from work and collecting, I could stay as long as they could have me there.  I took a train from NYC, which is about 7 hours.  I had done it before, and I was comfortable with it and just excited to get to VA and crack a beer.  When I arrived, my friend picked me up and we were both in great moods.  His brother lived minutes from the station, so that was our first destination.  Upon arriving there, his brother offered me a beer which I happily accepted and we got to talking.  There were a few others there, all of which I knew, and we all talked over a few beers and decided to go out for a few more and some food.  Suddenly, my head started feeling fuzzy and I felt that fatigue/panic combo hit me.  I explained to my friends and asked if I could just rest up for a second.  I sat on the couch with my eyes closed and tried to let it wash by me, but it didn't.  I didn't want to enter on such a downer so I sucked it up and decided to just go out with them.  I ordered a beer and barely touched it, and didn't even want food.  I couldn't hear anything over the crowd and couldn't focus enough to converse anyway.  This new course of problems I was having was overwhelming, and at this point they were very new to me.  I refused to be defeated, so I went into the restroom and yelled at myself into the mirror, because I knew I was happy to be there and it was silly of me to be having a terrible time for no tangible reason.  It oddly snapped me out of it for the most part, and I went out, finished my beer, ordered another and got to talking.  I was extremely exhausted, but the fatigue and anxiety had subsided enough for me to enjoy a buzz and some laughs.

The wedding came and went.  I was in the wedding party, and it was a very hot day in VA for an outdoor wedding.  Even so, I was able to carry through with a huge smile, no fatigue, no panics and very little anxiety.  After the wedding, however, I experienced what I think was the warning signs of a breakdown.  I had planned to stay for two more weeks, and each day was worse than the one before.  I was completely stifled by the heat and humidity to the point where I could barely go outside. I was unable to sleep or wake easily, and my gut was on the fritz.  I could barely eat after that without feeling miserable, and even getting a buzz off 2 beers was enough to send me into a panic flurry.  In fact, I was, at this point, having strings of long lasting panic attacks that would last for hours (I think the longest was 3 hours, after which I could barely move from exhaustion- but I had many others daily, lasting easily an hour or two apiece in strings).  I could even feel panic attacks coming before they did, as the fatigue would become very threatening.  It was miserable.  On Labor Day, my friends had a barbecue.  I had filled my stomach with food and it made me feel very anxious for some reason- then the panic attacks started and I disappeared into one of the bedrooms to get over it. After an hour, one friend came looking for me.  I told him what was happening and I just needed to be alone, and apologized.  After another hour of being locked in a tense series of adrenaline rushes, I was losing it.  I got up, ran out of the house and walked alone in the pitch black of rural VA for about 2 hours.  During the walk, I phoned my mother to tell her how bad it was getting and asked for her support in finding therapy and treatment (I live with my folks, BTW), and she agreed that I should come home ASAP- which I did.

Upon return, I started investigating therapy and medications.  It took a while to get an initial appointment (actually, it took about 2 months).  In the meantime, I did very little.  When Thanksgiving came, a holiday I adore, I went to my uncle's house, one town away as I usually do.  When I pulled up to his driveway, I started to have a panic attack- something I never had a problem with in front of my family because I'm just so comfortable around them.  It had me a bit rattled, so I hung in the car until it abated.  The fatigue lingered until after I got in but one of my cousins helped calm me through casual conversation.  I was a tad shaky the rest of the night but not terrible.  

Two weeks later, we were going to my aunt's house (same side of the family) in CT for an "in-between" Thanksgiving/Christmas feast since she was broke and it was easier for us to visit her than vice-versa.  It was hell on wheels for me.  I could not stop the tension and fatigue.  I wasn't even really having panic attacks, but the weak, tense, shaky and mentally foggy sensations I was experiencing all at once were too much to handle.  I was uncomfortable as hell, I could not calm myself and I couldn't even focus on a conversation.  All I heard was a mush of every voice and in the house and it was overwhelming.  I spent the next few hours in my car pretending to sleep.  When I got out and rejoined the festivities, I was no better but I owed it to my family to suck it up and pretend I was fine.  

About a week later, I was called back to work.  I had JUST STARTED seeing a therapist, and had to cancel because my work hours would conflict with our ability to see eachother.  The following week, I was starting therapy fresh as well as work.  This was an interesting time, and where the ride really starts to get bumpy.  The Monday of starting work again, I was ecstatic.  I needed ore money at this point, and I wanted to have a schedule again because I felt the absence of one was partially at fault for what I was going through.  Monday continued without a problem.  Tuesday, however, was a different story.  I woke, ate, went to the bathroom, showered, dressed and went out.  The second my car got moving, I was having a panic attack.  It was a very debilitating one, especially while driving because my vision was blurry and my eyes kept wanting to close.  I called a friend to talk me through the drive, and calmed when I arrived at work.  I assumed that it was just a rattle due to the excitement of working again, so I wrote it off.  For the rest of the week, it got worse and worse- however, the weekend was calm enough.  The following week, I was back in hell and getting worse and worse.  By Wednesday, I was having fatigue and panic attacks from showering all the way until I sat at work for maybe half the day.  By Thursday, I couldn't even eat I was so panicky, and it lasted almost all day.  By Friday, I was having a break down, but wouldn't fully realize it until Monday morning.  Friday was a full 10 or so hours of panic attack strings, one after the other.  They continued for hours after I got home from work.  Everything felt so unreal- especially to the sight- and I felt like I was very drunk or weed high, and not in a fun way.  This didn't wear off until Sunday afternoon.  The entire weekend I had been in a stupor between panic attacks and fatigue moments, with my only relief being Sunday night until bed.  The second I awoke on Monday, I knew I had crossed a line.  I was so tense, dizzy and weak that I couldn't even stand up in the shower.  I had to sit in a chair for an hour to realize that I wasn't going to "snap out of it" and I called my mother, begging her to come home.  I just felt like I was crosseyed and the world was spinning.  Not one of my senses felt like they were working, my mind was completely blank yet still somehow racing at the speed of light, and I could not even begin to contain one thing about myself.  I called into work and told them what had been going on, and that I didn't know if I could continue working.  They were very understanding about it.

I was seeing my former PC doc at the time, and I was seeing a social worker who I had just started with a week or two prior.  I had about a month before I could see an actual psychiatrist, but my PC doc prescribed me sertraline for the time being.  It almost killed me.  In four days time, I was on the floor most of the day, unable to move.  On day four I had a family member take me to a hospital, who did nothing.  In fact, every healthcare professional I saw refused to look at me in any depth, decreeing that it was "only" anxiety, as though having a steady breakdown years after you had already learned to cope with regular panic attacks perfectly was a normal human trait.  This would mark the beginning of what I consider the worst part of my life, which I am still in.

Quitting the sertraline 4 days in, I decided to wait for an actual psychiatrist before trying medication.  I eventually saw one, and he prescribed Lexapro 10mg.  I knew it would be a month before I would see it working, so I tucked in and got to it.  It was somewhat unpleasant at first- I was dizzier and weaker than before, and was still having the same problems on top of it.  It actually took 2 months to level out, but it didn't level out in a therapeutic manner.  I was suicidal for the first time in my life, I had my first taste of real insomnia, the emotions were gone, I was so lethargic and apathetic that I'd often sit in a chair wondering what the point would even be to turn the TV on (which I think was an abolishment of dopamine from my brain chemistry), my body ached and twitched, and I couldn't think at all.  Worst of all, I was still having panic attacks- only now I felt EVEN WORSE altogether, so they would hit me so much harder.  It was misery.  I begged to come off them, but the psych asked me to please give it one more month.  The only thing that got me through that month was the light at the end of the tunnel being that I would be getting off the meds- 3 months was too much.  For the 4th month, the doc decided to put me on Prozac 10mg as a step down.  I had two weeks of withdrawal, but the Prozac leveled me out.  It wasn't great, but it was less hellish than the Lexapro.  When that month was over, the doctor told me to stop taking it.  I begged for a taper, but he said it was unnecessary (he looked to be in his 70's, and was likely archaic in his practice and set in his ways).  Well, I was never the same after that.  I had spasms, numbness, insomnia and depression afterward that I had never had before, and they all started almost immediately upon the SSRIs taking effect.  This is all in early 2016, and I still suffer from these problems today, although thankfully they do seem to have softened a bit.  Unfortunately, this is also around the time that I developed a constant problem.  I don't know what to call it, but I gather that it's a form of depersonalization/derealization.  I feel drunk all the time.  My vision is always odd in a way I can't describe.  Certain things just never feel right and my focus is nonexistent- to the point where I have been unable to drive, and have even stopped doing some of the more creative hobbies of mine and stopped playing videogames that take constant attention and reaction.  This is the worst aspect of my condition, and from this point on it is constant- 24 hours a day without breaks.  It was so bad I had an MRI and began seeing a neurologist out of fear that it could be a major disorder like MS- but I was luckily cleared of it and my brain is physically perfect- good news, but doesn't help the problem one bit.

After that, I decided to stop seeing that psychiatrist and social worker, since they were part of the same office and frankly, neither was helping me one bit (the therapy was all talk therapy.  I don't suffer from abuse or trauma.  I asked her for a CBT routine or something constructive, but she insisted on keeping to talk therapy.  I was tired of paying to talk about how miserable I feel once a week). I tried neurofeedback briefly, but it was out of pocket, pricey and I honestly didn't see the benefit of seeing a tech every week instead of a PhD.  

Since then has been a blur.  I started seeing a grad student through a local university, and honestly, he is great.  The problem is that he's very busy, and I can't always see him every week.  We're taking a CBT approach and I can't wait to really get into it.  I have hopes for it as I trust the proven scientific approach of clinical psychology mixed with the human touch that this particular person applies.

&lt;-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------&gt;

**FOR BREVITY, THIS IS WHERE THE "NOW" PORTION STARTS**

In June of this year, however something bad happened.  My family was away, and they were worried that I was going to have panic attacks and be alone (my attacks get very out of control lately and I benefit greatly from having somebody I love or trust around to help calm me).  I was actually really great for a few days, relaxing and enjoying the solace.  On the 3rd day, I awoke to a nasty pain in my chest.  I was familiar with the chest pains of panic and anxiety, as your rib and chest muscles tense up and get sore- this was not that pain.  It was an ongoing, dull, sore BURNING pain from within my chest cavity, and it extended down just past my diaphragm.  It would occasionally squeeze very hard, and cause a panic attack- so now not only do I have a new and chronic pain in my chest, but my heart is also racing on and off all day and I'm dizzy, fatigued and everything else, and I can't think straight.  I called my brother over and basically collapsed.

When he arrived, I was on the floor quaking and trembling, and could not intelligently respond- like, I could understand what he was saying and I was completely conscious, but I was under so much physical and mental duress that I couldn't formulate words or organize my mind enough to respond.  I was basically frozen, despite my shaking.  After he had been there a few minutes, I began to become more responsive.  I was more drained than I have ever been even after sprinting over and over, and my brain was scrambled- but I could now sit and talk.  I kept saying my chest still hurt, and I was afraid of having more attacks like that one, so he decided to stay over.  The following morning, he went home and I awoke with a bad jaw ache after only 3 hours of sleep, as well as the same chest pain as the day before.  Within about a half hour, I was having the same strength of attack as the day before.  My brother drove me to the ER and I was signed in and they got right to testing me.  The panic didn't subside at all until after I had been there quite a while, but it was a relief to see my BP and heart rate go down when it finally did.  They took a chest X-ray, did EKG and left a monitor on me for 2 hours before sending me home.  The doc also insisted I see an outside cardiologist to ensure I wasn't at risk of any cardiac problems.  My chest still hurt like hell.  I spent the next few days at my brother's house so I wouldn't be alone, and oddly suffered a terrible middle/inner ear infection that was clogging my right ear completely, my left ear partially and draining out of my nose constantly for 5 days.  This did not help, but I didn't address it quickly because my insurance had just ended and I was much more concerned about what was happening in my chest.  I also stopped an 18 year smoking habit abruptly at this point out of pure fear- every cig would result in a panic attack- either from fear or just becoming that sensitive to any chemical changes to my body.  This sounds good, but it has only added to the misery of the situation.

At this point I was on Medicaid, and I had to get a new PC, because the prior one would deny me referrals to any specialists because "it was only anxiety", even after an ER doc told me to see a cardiologist.  I DEMANDED a cardiologist referral, which he begrudgingly gave me, but wouldn't give me one for an ENT because he looked in my outer ear canal quickly and decreed that he didn't see a middle/inner ear problem through my drum with his X-ray vision.  So long, doc.

I later got referrals from my new doc promptly, without issue.  This would be the first doc I've seen in 3 years who didn't try to convince me that my very real physical problems were "just" anxiety.  My cardiologist gave me a stress test, echo and 48 hour holter monitor, and inarguably decreed that I'm in perfect cardiac health.  He did believe in my pain, and told me to see a pulmonologist and gastroenterologist.  The pulmonologist tested my breathing and said it was perfect, but said I appeared to have minor irritation that could be caused by GERD.  Unfortunately, my GI appointment was way down the line (it was July and my GI appt was in September), as well as an ENT appointment I finally made since I never fully recovered from my ear infections, having dizziness and odd, new sinus pressure attacks- that appointment was in late August.  Well, I had waited so patiently to finally see these doctors because my chest pain and dizziness were added to the anxiety and DP/DR symptoms, and were driving me nuts.  In early August, my Medicaid switched to managed care through Emblem, rendering all of my remaining referrals and appointments null and void.  I lost it.  I had a complete breakdown again, but this time it was somewhat aggressive.  I decided to admit myself to the hospital psychiatric wing for 6 days.  Huge mistake.  I felt like a criminal.  There is no therapeutic approach- they just try to shove no less than 4 different types of harsh psychiatric meds down your throat while you wallow amongst schizophrenics and psychotics in the most bleak and restrictive environment on earth.  It is almost deliberately designed to make anxiety and depression exponentially worse, and very quickly at that.  I cried constantly for the last 3 days in was in there, and I cried randomly and uncontrollably for about a week after I was back home.  I'm not the biggest crier, but let me assure it was a terrible experience with a huge impact.

After this, I oddly don't get random panic attacks as often.  Unfortunately, the fatigue, general anxiety and derealization/depersonalization are worse than I've ever been.  Nothing makes sense anymore.  I can barely focus on anything, and my energy is gone for the whole day.  I can rarely get to sleep before 6am, and I rarely sleep through without waking many times.  Things often look dim to me, and bright lights or sudden sounds bother me to the point where I feel driven crazy.  I watch movies and play videogames again, but I feel like I can't fully connect or focus on them.  I can converse with people sometimes as long as I'm comfortable and the conversation will be normal, but my memory is so bad that I often forget tangent points, and any deviation from the flow of topic will halt my mind- I'll often have to ask what I was saying if somebody even pauses to look at a text, something that takes all of 3 seconds.  

OF NOTE: I did get to see the GI.  By the time I got to him, I have started to look back and notice things.  My feces has been orange for months now on and off, but mostly on.  It's gotten to the point that I and my doctor believe that I have a biliary obstruction, whether it be my gallbladder or actual bile duct.  I also have some form of irritable or inflammatory bowel problems.  I believe that due to these problems, I'm not getting the harder to absorb nutrients.  It has gotten very bad but there is evidence of digestive issues, both upper and lower, since summer 2015 when my descent started- I've discovered that all of the fatigue and resultant brain fog and anxiety first started directly after bowel movements, and even now I'm positive that I do get much worse after bowel movements, and improve a bit a while after my bowel movements are over (unfortunately my entire bowel is tender the last few months and any movement causes severe discomfort and horrendous fatigue, worsening the anxiety and brain fog/DP/DR I already feel).  My vitamin D did take a nosedive a few months ago to a value of 26.  After a few months of taking 3000-5000 IU a day with meals I have only raised it to 27.  Vitamin D is fat soluble, and requires good bile and good intestinal absorption to keep level- something that is evidently not happening if you defecate orange mud every day (and I also see absolute evidence of everything I eat in this mud- something that only poppy seeds would do before).  On top of this, I'm wondering what other essential nutrients I'm not absorbing properly.  I have hope now that this may be part of what is causing my problems (I'm a believer that even though anxiety and depression are problems of mentality, there is always an organic or chemical reason that can be fixed if you find it), and that addressing it will help lighten the psychological load.  It doesn't help my day-to-day, however, as I've had hope trampled enough times and had my symptoms stack up and worsen enough times to completely shatter my spirit and my sense of optimism.  

I've also been to the ENT, but he literally started the appointment by telling me that he's not taking my insurance after next week.  He looked in my ears and nose, saw mild irritation, tested my hearing and such, but he told me to speak to my neurologist regarding my vestibular issues (full ears, dizziness, balance issues, etc).  He also prescribed me a corticosteroid nasal spray which gave me my first few hours of panic attacks in months.  I threw it out immediately.  I'll just use less q-tips.

So, to sum up, can anybody else describe just how bad their anxiety has gotten?  Anything close to this?  Anybody else have DP/DR and fatigue that makes them feel like they have the flu every day after having drank or smoked weed?  The mix of symptoms is crushing me almost daily and I just need to relate.  I've also tried many supplement routines and relaxation techniques, but none have done that well and none even put a dent in it anymore. I feel beaten and helpless.  

If anybody has read this entire story, God bless you for your patience and dedication, ha ha.



Just want to relay my story and symptoms and hear not only that I'm not alone, but that people have made it through.
How do I make new friends when smalltalk drives me up the wall?I have issues with panic attacks, and possibly bipolar or something? Bottom line- I have some dysfunctions. I did not think that one of them was social anxiety (or, at least not since high school, which was a long time ago). 

Is this a thing?? I feel fine when I'm hanging out with people. Maybe slightly elevated from my baseline level of tension, only in the sense that I turn on my more extroverted self when I hang out with people- friends, family, anybody. Otherwise , I am very introverted. I have one friend who I hang out with consistently. When I go to school, I don't talk to anyone unless it's necessary. TBH, I am afraid I am becoming anti social. People mostly annoy me and I hate that about myself. 

And lately, every time I hang out with someone (other than my BF) for an extended period of time, I get really sick afterwards. I get a migraine and then I vomit and I feel super drained. Right now I am laying on the couch under multiple blankets feeling shit-tay because we had dinner at my parent's and played Cards Against Humanity. I can only puke so much in one lifetime. Help. :cPhysically ill after social occasions.I'm going to apologize ahead of time if this turns into a rant. Also it's late where I live and it will probably be morning before I look at this again. I've been on anxiety meds for about 4 months, offbrand zoloft. I'm 25[F] and I don't think I'm an alcoholic but drinking is definitely a part of my life just socialization wize. If I need to quit and that will make my meds work better I will I just want to hear it from people who understand. 

I don't know if I actually feel more anxious after drinking or its just my anxiety and the meds don't work. I'm sure you all can understand how it gets confusing in your head.

I do also smoke weed, I feel like this does not contribute to the anxiety unless it's a high pressure situation with my parents finding out I do it which I know is super normal.Do I need to quit drinking?I don't know if this happens to others...
I've been struggling for a few years now with anxiety, in different forms. One of the worst things, is this weird feeling of discomfort. Tonight I was out with a few friends, and I started to feel like my pinky toes were pressing against the sides of my shoes. I wear these shoes all the time, and that usually doesn't bother me. But recently (last week or two) I have occasionally been feeling very uncomfortable in my shoes.

The feeling itself is mildly uncomfortable. But for some reason, that mild discomfort invokes some kind of panic attack in my head or something. My heartrate and breathing sped up, and I felt so horrible I had to immediately leave. This has happened a couple other times over the last few weeks, by the way.

Once I take off my shoes and remove the cause of discomfort I am ok. But I'm really frustrated that this happens, and I want to know if there is a name for this, or if it happens to anyone else? Or am I just insane....?Discomfort anxiety?I've always had anxiety and my anxiety has always caused me to overthink situations and come to the worst possible conclusions. A lot of things has been happening as of late and I just feel like I don't know how to stop my overthinking!

1) I started a new job and quit by phone after only working two weeks due to their unrealistic expectations and pressure. Now I'm panicking on whether or not it'll affect potential job offers whenever a background check is performed although I know the solution to this would be to leave it out of my resume.... 

2) I interviewed for a leadership position on Monday at a former company and it went well! It was a casual (yet at the same time professional) conversation about why I wanted the position and she complimented my work ethic and always noted how I communicated with the team when I worked there. However, surprise! My brain is assuming the worst. 

3) My parents just make me anxious overall. My home life has never been horrible but lately for the past year it's been bringing the worst out of me. 

In the very end, I know that I'm trying my best and I'm also very aware of the fact that my overthinking produces irrational thoughts and feelings. I'm also a hardworking individual that puts my best into everything and with that I know I will be okay! My anxiety just gets the best of me and I wish I knew how to control it. Unfortunately I can't seek professional help due to lack of funds. 
Anyways, I'm sorry for the long rant. I just needed somewhere to vent and if you stuck around this long you're incredibly kind and I really appreciate it!Anxiety is through the roof and I just feel overwhelmedI feel so horrible. I had the worst anxiety just an hour ago trying to decide if staying at home was less terrible than trying to play nice to strangers. 

Lately I have a lot of trouble going out to meet with people. Especially at parties or when my friends all get together. 

I've never had anxiety like this before and I'm really scared and sad. 

I'm at the party feeling like I could break down crying any time now

Can you help me?I just cried for more than an hour trying to decide what was worse: going to a party with my bf or staying at home alone. Please helpI was on Zoloft for about 2 months, first 25 mg then 50 mg. my anxiety became totally manageable, but I started getting hypotensive and had a high heart rate. My psych switched me over to Effexor (about 37.5 mg). Apparently Effexor causes really bad withdrawal symptoms. 

I want to read more and ask others about their experience. I haven't taken the Effexor yet. Is there anywhere you know I can go to ask people about their experiences with anti anxiety medicine?I've isolated myself for so long now. I was diagnosed with IBS about four years ago. I was already a little introverted then but this has really kicked everything into overdrive when it comes to the isolation. It started off with me just being embarrassed to be near my friends and that lasted a few months. After that, I was just scared to reach out to friends as I felt like they had already moved on. Now it's been years and I've pretty much forgotten how to be social. 

Before, I never really understood the whole 'feeling lonely in a crowded room' thing but I get it now. I go to a university with more than 20,000 people there and I feel completely alone. I live in a flat with 14 other people. They're all very close with each other and then there's just me. We do talk every now and then but I feel completely alone most of the time. 

When I talked to my therapist, I discussed that I feel like I may be too far gone. I'm at a point where it's pointless reconnecting with old friends as they've probably already moved on but I can't make new friends due to how sick I always am. Just feel really lost right now.This loneliness is a killerI applied for a job recently, and had an interview and that went good. Well they said I'd receive something in the email in the next few days about doing a background check and a drug screening, but I haven't got it yet. This was about a week ago, and I've been too afraid to call and ask what is wrong. I get nervous talking on the phone with strangers, and I don't know who i am actually supposed to call to straighten this out. The thought of calling someone who may just direct me to someone else, and so on, is making me really nervous.

The sad thing is, this is the second time in a row that something like this has happened. When I was doing my background check for the last job I got I made a mistake when entering my social security number. I called the background check place and they said that the store had to resend the email, so I waited. The next day I get an email not with a link to another background check, but saying that I didn't get the job after all.    
    I was way too nervous to call them back and ask why, or explain the situation. So I just missed out on that job. It seems like I'll keep doing this over and over and over again.

Its not even just with jobs, its with people too. I stopped talking to a girl one time that I was texting, because I didn't reply to one of her messages until almost a week later and didn't know how to explain that. Its like my mind just runs a blank or overthinks everything. I don't know what to do anymore. I try to put myself out of my comfort zone and things like that, but it seems like once I wake up again the next day I am right back where I was with all the progress gone.Another Missed oppurtunity because of anxietyNot really sure if this is the right sub for this, but whatever.  I'm 17, male.  I've never had a job and I'm sick of being useless.  I want to apply at a local Subway (sandwiches, not trains).  To give a bit of background, I was "homeschooled", so I can say goodbye to getting a degree or anything (not that I really wanted to anyway).  Problem is, that means my social skills are basically nonexistent.  I'm not too worried about interacting with customers; I go over situations in my head, and it doesn't seem bad.  The thing I'm worried about is co-workers.  I feel like the people I'm most awkward around are other teenagers, which seems to be who Subway likes to hire.  I just feel like I'd be awkward and quiet around them.  I'm not into the same things as other other people my age.  I feel like they'd try to talk to me about shit I either don't know anything about, or that I'm actively trying to avoid.  I'm afraid.  It's not just that I'd be awkward around them, but the more I think about I realize that I'm not sure I even *want* to be friends with them.  I don't like feeling committed to people.

I see it as a hurdle.  It's the big thing keeping me from sending an application in.  I just needed to get that off my chest.I'm anxious about getting a jobOkay, so everynow and then I start stressing about something that keeps me up at night. I just jump up out of nowhere. I feel like I am going to pass out. Everything goes numb. This happened last year and I couldn't sleep well for over a month. This time it started happening after something triggered my anxiety yesterday. Idk what did. But it felt like my heart stopped beating. My chest cramped up... Ugh I just want all this to go away.


How do you guys cope with anxiety attacks when trying to sleep? Thanks! :)How To Fall Asleep With Constant Panic Attacks?im really getting concerned about this, ive been having this burning sensation in my whole head,my scalp,my face, back of my head and my whole neck for days now. it used to be just headaches and my head tightening but for the past few days ive been getting the burning sensation on my head too, it cools down and gets better when im not overthinking and anxious but it comes back immediately when i am. xanax and some painkillers didnt help, this is really new to me,i dont even know if this is anxiety or not.

has anyone else experienced this?Burning sensation in the head?I've had some trouble with anxiety and attacks in the past. Half of it was prompted by terror of my blood sugar plummeting too low and me dying (type 1 diabetic) : that's a trigger. But recently, it's been feeling like everything is too loud and that there's too much going on: it feels like I'm trying to wake up from a nightmare. I'm in a daze and on autopilot. Everything is hot, and bright, and time is oddly stretched out. Lately I've been feeling flickers of it coming back because I've been so stressed out over college applications, grades, etc. I'm also having issues with loneliness and image issues. I'm not sure what i can do to make the attacks recede... any advice? Anxiety is Coming BackIve been having really bad anxiety. I cant sleep. Cant eat. I get sick all the time. I cant even have dinner with my brother. Needless to say, I am looking into medication but I have some questions.

How does Xanax feel? I want to be able to function but I want to actually be able to LIVE not just survive the next day. 

Any help is appreciated! Thanks...Questions about XanaxDoes anyone else experience a lot of anxiety when plans are unsettled? If I'm supposed to hang out with someone later in the day and I'm waiting on some sort of approval, I absolutely cannot focus until a time is set in place. 
What's even worse for me is when a plan is unsettled all day and then gets cancelled last minute. I get frustrated because I wasted most of my day anticipating/having anxiety/not being able to focus on anything else and now it's not happening.Unsettled plans/uncertaintyEverywhere you look, Facebook and Tumblr especially, everyone's sharing cute little memes about "teehee I have crippling depression look at me". It's infuriating to people who actually have serious disorders, and can't use their illness as something quirky to spice up their social life. This is not something anyone should want. This is an illness that ruins people's lives.

Oh sorry I expressed thoughts in public, don't mind me, just being a person over hereI hate how anxiety and depression and mental illness have become something romantic and attractive. It devalues people who have real problems.Yesterday, my heart skipped a few beats when I was on YT laying on my side. It just stopped for a good 2-3 seconds. I was really stressed but too tired and fell asleep. Today, I am really stressed. I was dehydrated and had alot of exercise yesterday. My vision went dark and my face went numb... Could this have been an anxiety attack? I felt my heart and it was not beating. Now that anxiety is kicking in, its worse. Panicking Right now...It isn't debilitating to my driving but at times when im sitting in my car or driving, I feel anxious and a little panicked. Not afraid of driving, but I notice that I feel most of my anxiety and panic when Im driving.Hi, i went for a doctor appoinment (my first one) and at the end i was recomended for a psychological evaluation and also i was told i could be given medication, i turned it down and instead just asked for the evaluation since i was too nervous to ask what the medication was and what it could do. Does anyone know what the medication could of been and what it does, im assuming since it was one 15 minute appointment it couldnt be anything to serious. just out of interest?My doc Recommended medicationI have this anxiety about how I'll never know exactly what is like to live on another country. I can visit or live for a while but I'm never going to know what a native of that place feels, or like I feel about the place I've lived my whole life.

I'll go to google maps to try to get a feel on the downtown and suburban areas, the nature areas around it, etc. If afterwards I can't picture it correctly in my mind how my life or the average's person life would be (as far as everyday sightseeing goes) I'll keep doing it. Sometimes I'll try to see the routes I'd had to do from one neighborhood to the downtown area.

I've been doing this with USA, England, Hong Kong, Italy, Australia, etc. And in very few times I searched for apartments and houses for sale so I could picture how my/the average person's house would be like.

Sometimes I have to close the browser so I feel less tempted to keep doing it.Google mapsJust some panic attacks, typical symptoms of anxiety such as chest pain, chest burn, tired, dizzy, etc.

help eliminate this ? Started 10 days agoStarted having anxiety recently, help ?If my anxiety gets to what I consider the point of no return, I get SO tired. Yawning uncontrollably and can barely keep my eyes open, as if I've just pulled an all-nighter or something. Only it makes no difference what time of day it is, or how much sleep I've gotten the night before.  I don't get it, it seems almost like the logical opposite of anxiety/too much nervous energy, but my system just shuts the f down on me and it's totally out of my control. Does anyone else get this?? What do you do? It ruins so many social opportunities for me and is obviously a very difficult thing to have happen at work...it's been bad lately and I've been trying to drink caffeine and stuff but it barely helps. Also, today I have slept a lot and I don't even feel better which freaks me out.
Does anyone literally start falling asleep if too anxious? How to fight it?I've been dealing with some shit for the past month or so. It's mostly that I have difficulty eating (not swallowing, I can swallow, just feels like I'm going to be sick/lump in throat sometimes). It seems to worsen sometimes and other times it's random but there's definitely different stressors overall causing it, e.g. senior year of college frets.

Anyway, the first time I noticed a panic-ish moment I was watching Stranger Thing and something happened near a high cliff and I suddenly felt really short of breath. Then earlier today I was watching that video of the guy on the moon who fell over and needed to get back up and I experienced the same shortness of breath. Anyone know what might be causing this? It's really annoying. I don't have any heart problems or anything (was tested last week) so it's all anxietyAnxiety/panic being set off by weird, sometimes fictional eventsI got my first panic attack 2 months ago, and it was really frightening but only lasted 30 seconds or so. A day after that, it was 2 minutes, but a lot more extreme.

I haven't had since that day, until today. This time was even worse, and lasted 2-4 minutes. 

Does anyone know if this is common, and if they will continuously get worse? Thanks in advance, I'm pretty shook up right now and I want to get my thoughts out somewhereDid anyone else's panic attacks become worse over time?As someone who's only just starting on the panic attacks again, after almost 8 years of coping, I'm struggling and already feel out of place on here because I haven't ever taken meds or seen a therapist or had much life changing things happen as a result of anxiety. Before, I kinda just let it happen and hoped it'll stop...after a while it did when I became more occupied with helping my parents, or working on my A Levels. Year later, I now live alone, on a phD programme and becoming more and more anxious and unsteady. I get home and break down. I feel like my friends aren't really my friends, I'm not smart enough to do a PhD and things like my health, money, my family are all constantly in the front of my mind. I really don't want to ask for help if I can avoid it. How can I get through this alone? Just starting...Hey

Im turning 22 tomorrow. I generally have my life together, I dont do drugs anymore and I am getting a good education. I have plenty of guy friends and have a social life. I gained like 40 lbs after being a skeleton most of my life. Despite this, I feel haunted by the fact that I have never experienced anything close to a relationship when it seems all my friends have. I feel an overwhelming sense of anxiety that I am going to be alone forever, it almost feels like a panic attack when I think about it for too long. I guess despite all the good things I am doing for my life and self improvement, it feels like none of it matters without a significant other. 


sorry for the incoherent rant

Thanks
DAE get an overwhelming feeling of missing out?Hello,

i have anxiety ... for over a century. As my anxiety grows, my brain goes for a certain strategy and it's called: Hyperactivity. 

This is the most common behaviour and I am doing this at the same time:

- mindlessly playing video games.
- while watching porn
- while checking for whats app messages
- while reading news sites for anything negative immigration wise (so I can hate on anything)

I need to get off this trail, leave it, and learn something new. But I always forget. I will get up tomorrow, doing the same thing over and over again.

I should work on me, really hard. And therefore I am making this post, to remind me that It is important to me. And Internet addiction is a thing. And that I got social anxiety. And Hyperactivity shouldnt rule my life! 

Thank you for your attention.

TLDR: Looser is complaining about his hyperactive behaviour, and is doomed with his anxiety.Hyperactivity my ruler and KingI finally decided to get help for my anxiety this summer. I've tried some CBT, currently have been to my new (second) therapist 5 times as well as reading "When Panic Attacks" but I still had a big problem with anxiety and panic attacks. After some trial and error I started 100mg of Zoloft almost 2 weeks ago and I think it's working! I also have .5 Ativan for emergencies but since last week I haven't needed any. 

Thing is I feel bad for needing medication. I feel like this is supposed to be a problem I can solve without medication. I also feel like the SSRI is just covering up the problem, but I haven't even been able to function right before the medication. I feel bad for needing medicationSelective Muteism is a phrase that got brought up today and it got me thinking.  Maybe thats what I've got, I don't know, I'll try to explain.  I've always had trouble with words, in theory I'm really good with them. I can read and write at however high a level, I know how to write an essay and other things. I just can't, for whatever reason.  
It's always been called either writers block or exam anxiety, or lazyness :'(  but I just freeze up and can't think of the words.  Even when i know gist of what i want to say like giving my opinion on a movie or something.
Selective mutismI was diagnosed with ADD when I was in 3rd grade, the Ritalin era. 

In high school I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression as well. 

When my family was moving closer to the high school I was going to, I refused to pack up and leave. They had to throw everything in bins and move for me. I never graduated high school, and have been attempting to finish my diploma over the past 11 years. I chose to play music, hang out with friends and so on instead of finishing the school.

 My room has been a huge mess since before we moved. I have worked on it somewhat over the years but it's still a cluttered death trap. 

I was in a pretty bad car accident almost 8 months ago, fractured my right humerus below the rotator cuff and a 3 inch laceration on my wrist. Something happened during recovery and physical therapy. I feel like it broke down some barriers that were holding me back from doing what I want to do and being who I am. 

I have been in therapy since I was around 18 and went regularly for 10 years. I never felt I was making progress or gaining the tools I needed. 

After the accident I sought a Neuropsychologist to get re-diagnosed. The Dr found I have anxiety driven depression and ADD. I am on medications for each of these and have been on medications since I can remember. 

Even as I write this, I am tempted to not post this because it's probably not written correctly.

I struggle with starting too many projects and not finishing. 

Purging my room of everything except the bare essentials.
Finishing High School.
Selling off the stuff I don't need anymore.

I don't know what else to write, I feel like friends just tell me to try harder. I don't eat enough because anxiety kills my decision making skills of what to cook or eat. 

Sorry if this isn't helpful or is not supposed to posted here.

Fear of failure and successMy Anxiety is seriously taking me over.

I first experienced anxiety 5 years ago when i was in summer school. Constantly feeling like i was gonna die for no reason and freaking out because I felt dizzy and i would wonder why and it would just get worse. I was able to cure myself of this anxiety by cutting down my use of technology greatly because i was constantly using that to relieve myself.

Jump forward 5 years, I'm in my second year of college and I was doing great. I was doing things that I never imagined I could ever do. The greatest thing I did was I went camping where there was no service, no electronics. Just me and some friends, and I didn't experience a second of anxiety.

One day, I developed what I believe to be a stomach ulcer, I could barely eat, and I was stuck sitting at home for almost 4 weeks straight, taking stomach acid medication while my stomach healed. During this time, all I did was play computer games and watch TV. This entire situation was very very very stressful for me, I was so anxious and scared everyday because I could barely eat. Now, I am a lot better. I can eat anything I want with almost no trouble whatsoever. I was still dealing with my anxiety that I built up from that whole ordeal. I was finally going out with my girlfriend again, i was going out with friends. I was getting better again. 

And then my girlfriend broke up with me.

We have been together since we were 13, we are both now 20. She said she wanted to leave me before any of this happened, so she waited till I felt better. She said it was because we were never doing enough with each other, we would hang out a lot but we wouldn't do too much, and this was because of my anxiety. I was always getting beaten down by it which made me not want to do a lot. I always had enough anxiety to prevent me from showing her how much I really appreciated her. And I understand that no one wants to be with someone that just brings them down.

Now I lost the most important person in my entire life to my stupid anxiety. I cannot believe I lost her, it hurts so bad. And now I'm back to feeling like I could die at any moment. The only thing that comforts me is playing games, or distracting myself with social media. I don't have any friends that are sentimental enough to really help me.

This has all really sucked, and I will be talking to my doctor on Monday about seeing a therapist, because I can't handle this. She was everything to me and now I can't see a reason to get better without her.

TL;DR Bed ridden for 4 weeks from a stomach ulcer gave me anxiety, girlfriend breaks up with me just as I am feeling better, my anxiety skyrockets. I am fucked.The worst month of my lifeLast Saturday I woke up feeling short of breath like I couldn't get a full deep, refreshing breath. I talked to my mom about it, and she said how she had something similar with anxiety. The doctor prescribed her Klonopin for two weeks, and she ended up fine. Anyway, since that Saturday, I constantly have to yawn, and I am very self-conscious about my breathing to the point that it's driving me crazy. I feel like I have to breathe even though I know I don't have to manually. I went to the doctor, and they tried to give me Celexa, but I refused because of the negative side effects on your sex life, and even weight gain. My doctor also denied me any kind of benzo (I'm 18 if that has anything to do with it). So he prescribed me buspirone, 7.5 mg twice a day. I've been taking it since this past Tuesday and have yet to feel an effect. Does anyone have positive experiences using only this drug to treat anxiety or whatever the hell this is? I've always been an anxious person but it's been a week now, and it's driving me insane. My grandpa has been on buspirone for 30 years, and he said it works great for him. If you have any positive stories using this drug and only this drug, please share them. I'm going crazy in my head.Positive Results of just taking buspironeHey guys this is the first time I've posted on this sub-reddit. I'm starting therapy next week for this issue but I'm desperate to at least share my thoughts with others and ask if anyone has any similar experiences. Some background:

I'm a 22 year old virgin. I've never had sex and I'm inexperienced with women due to a very religious upbringing and past observance. Now I'm no longer observant I feel like I've lost out. From a psychological perspective, being 22 and a virgin when most of your peers probably lost it at 17/18 is pretty crushing. I talk to girls but what follows is the most difficult part.

Quite often be it on nights out, tinder etc I can get a girl's number but after I text her/call her there is no response. There are times we've arranged elaborate dates and plans and suddenly I'm ghosted. This for me tends to be the norm as opposed to the exception and it's pretty crushing. I know I suffer from "romanticising" too many interactions and feel genuinely upset that I've not been responded to. I was advised to seek counselling at my university for confidence issues and sexual development (like I said I am extremely inexperienced) but I am beginning to feel I have abandonment issues.

I fear that whenever I text or call a girl she won't get back to me and I'm nothing. This fear is suddenly creeping into interactions with family and friends and I feel like I'm subconsciously adopting a bit of a siege mentality. It was something I never realised till recently.

Like I mentioned, I will be seeking professional help for this but I was wondering whether anyone here has had experiences of this and could share their thoughts. Apologies if the context strayed a little!

Thanks :)anxiety and abandonment issuesWant to see what you all thought about this situation.  Meet my GF about 3 years ago.  We are both in over 55.  When we meet, she told me she used to run marathons and used to work as a nurse in sky flight.  I thought this was great, as she was active.  I was looking for someone to be active with.  
Turns out she had a two hip replacements and one hip replacement did not work very well.  She can only walk around 50 feet before she is hurting.   Within the first month, she went to rehab for her drinking and we got back together afterwards.  She started drinking again after she get out (I drink a couple of drinks every couple of days).  She sold her house, move into a nice apartment, then brought another house (said she hated living in the apartment).  After two years of drinking heavy (at least 6 glass of wine a night) she lost her job.  She was working 12 hour shifts and it was hard on her body (can understand).  She was trying to get only a job for 20-30 hours a week (she makes $55/hr).   I really did not say anything about her drinking as I know how stressful being unemployed is.  
A few weeks ago, her drinking pick up (around 10 glass of wine a day) her personality changed.  She stopped calling me (was OK with that, as I'm unhappy about her drinking and not wanting to do anything (go out for dinner every week).    Text her daughter about the change in her and she agreed something was wrong.  They had her taken to the Hospital for 8 days to detox and 3 days at a mental hospital.  I was staying at her house since she was gone taking care of her dog.  She came home last night and I'm not sure what needs to be done.
I see a couple of problems:
She has social anxiety, so she does not have any friends or activity
Has a bad hip, so she can not exercise or walk for any length of time, said no one can work on her hip for 10 years
And of course being an alcoholic.
No income but has money in the bank.

How do you think she should approach her problems?
need a game planI nap a lot. I'm horrible at getting up early and I work M-F in an office starting at 8:30 (not super early, I know, but I have to actually wake up quite a bit earlier) Luckily, I get off at 2:30.

I sometimes go home and nap after work. Not always and it's been less recently because my boyfriend has been opening at his job, therefore we hang out when I get off.

I tend to handle naps fine for an hour or so after work. But after staying at my boyfriend's place on the weekend, I can sleep all day the next day. When I wake up from these naps, I feel irritable, disoriented, anxious, sad and exhausted.

Does anyone else feel this way?Feeling disoriented and incredibly strange after naps... help.So I've struggled with anxiety in the past with school presentations and public speaking, but recently it's spiraled out of control. 

I've been doing interviews throughout September and October. They all went really well, I took Ativan and I got quite a few job offers. Except it feels like ever since those interviews, I've become a nervous wreck. I can't eat, sleep, and can barely go outside. 

I'm currently switching medication to Lexapro (anyone else been on that?) and am taking Ativan for emergencies, but still. Has anyone else experience something like this, where a series of stressful events (that actually went well) makes your anxiety spiral out of control? How long will I be like this? I'm constantly afraid, and I'm not even sure how I'll show up to my first day of work. I'm scared of so much right now. I had to take Ativan before a HAIRCUT because I was so scared of going inside. Things I never would've dreamed would give me anxiety now make me so scared. 

Does anyone have advice/comfort/etc. for me as I struggle with this? I don't even feel like myself anymore.Job interviews triggered horrible anxiety. Now I can't even leave the houseI'm having flashbacks of everything blowing up in my face and me ending up in jail and losing it all again. I'm in an endless Panic Attack right now with no help or anxiety medication. My new girlfriend barely recognizes me because I was as cool as ice with no worries when I met her a month ago. But things can go to shit real fast when you have mental health disorders. I'm also super depressed and borderline suicidal.I'm having a MeltdownMaybe this isn't the best place to ask, as we all have relatively similar problems.  

As I've gotten older I've kind of isolated myself.  I recognize that some of the problem is definitely a result of the way I am, and obviously anxiety.  For a while I thought it was all me, but every time I go out and try to have fun, I realize that unless it's with a group that I know are all quality people, I end up regretting going out, and just wanting to retreat into this shell I've built around myself.  Someone always finds a way to ruin it and make the whole thing unpleasant for me.

I want to connect with people and like them, I'm an extremely empathetic person, but the truth is most people are not good human beings.  When I do find new people who seem decent I derp up and don't know how to open up to them.  There's tons of things running through my head at that time ranging from "am I doing the right things", to "does this person really like me", "is their kindness a front" etc.

I'm just exhausted, alls that I want is to connect with other people and relax/have a good time.  I don't care about the shit show of ego stroking, or trying to use others to gain for my own benefit.  I just want to have fun, care about people, and be cared about in return.  I honestly have no idea how people became so ugly on the inside, I don't feel like a human on some fucked up fundamental level.any advice on breaking out of my box?My entire life has been ruled by anxiety (according to the myriad of therapist I've seen over the years) and yet, I feel like I can't claim I'm disabled. I can't claim that I need help or a service dog, because so many have it worse. I dropped out of college twice because anxiety took over with depression as it's sidekick. I desperately need a better paying job but can't get one because anxiety won't let me. I am terrified of the interviews I'm terrified of screwing things up and getting fired. I'm terrified of admitting I have autism and getting fired for not disclosing it when I was hired (yes, it's illegal, but the statute of limitations ran out before I realized that). I am terrified of getting in my own way and letting my anxiety take over. If I just tell it to shut up and don't say "can't" I can just beat it. I'm on a cocktail of medications that let me function as normal enough that I should be able to do anything. But no one sees what I hide. I hide it for a reason. I don't want to appear weak or admit I'm having a panic attack in a store because I lost my mother and want to run out and walk home. And then my anxieties are convient for getting out of doing things. Because I don't tell people that they're always there. Always waiting to pounce. And I'm tired of being strong. I'm tired of fighting a fight that will probably last until I die. I just want it to stop and it won't, and I feel like I need validation because maybe I am going crazy. I wish I could get better. I wish it would go away. I wish so many things, but nothing is gonna change. Anxiety is kicking my butt latelyMy queerplatonic partner and I always argue and I hate it. We end up hurting one another and it worsens my anxiety. We had a really bad argument yesterday. The problem is that we have trouble communicating, especially because most of the arguments happen when I mention my anxiety. I want him to help me and listen and be supportive but he isn't always emotionally available and I cling onto him all the time. He asks to stop talking about it since he's busy or uncomfortable but I continue talking about it because I push him for more answers. He feels like I don't appreciate him or care for him, he feels like I don't listen to him. We just yell over one another's voices instead of listening to one another. What can I do to help? I've told him how he can help me, by listening to me and being comforting but I don't know what to do...

When things calmed down he said something to me as a joke and mentioned my my nickname. I read it and acknowledged it and recognized it but then I thought "who's *nickname*". I can't tell if I genuinely didn't recognize my name or I just thought it to think it but earlier that day I had an urge to write my nickname on a paper for school, that I wanted my teachers to call me that. And someone I knew in the hallways said "hi *nickname "and I said hi. I should Also add my anxiety worsened after being around someone who has Dissociative Identity Disorder. I started to think I had it and they made a post saying "who's *their name*" and I remember because I kept thinking I had DID I was scared to look at my reflection in the mirror or do anything really. I just don't know what to do. I'm remembering actual people saying my nickname but it still feels unfamiliar even though I can recall these moments and that these thoughts are real. Please help. This is stressing me out even more. I should also add that I forgot about that thought until I went to bed late yesterday. I remembered it and felt nervous and anxious again and I woke up having a bad dream and in my dream I didn't recognize my nickname. I woke up nervous and with my stomach hurting. I just got my period. Hours ago I had horrible cramps that made me feel dizzy and feel like passing out. I'm trying to calm myself down assuring myself that these thoughts are my own and no one else's but it's so hard. I keep getting more and more bad thoughts and then I thought "I don't know myself" even though I do know myself.  I can recall memories from childhood and recent events where my nickname is mentioned and I can remember everything. I don't know if I'm freaking out so bad because my anxiety is at such a high point. I should add the depersonalization episodes came after thinking I had DID and I felt so stressed that I started to feel like I had an alter when I didn't. 
I don't know what to do, the only relief I've felt today is posting about all of this. Even worse I have to wait two weeks to talk to the therapist I'm going to for the very first time (and my very first time going to therapy) but I can't take it anymore I keep overwhelming myself Incredibly stressed. [Advice Needed]I am a 29 year old female, and for the majority of my life, i have struggled with an anxiety disorder. I suspect i have Avoidant personality disorder as well.  Last year, I was doing really well - I had a great job, and a boyfriend, and just generally great. I was taking medication.  However, five months ago, i weaned off my meds. I lost 2 jobs in that time span and my boyfriend broke up with me. My family kept telling me to stay off the meds because "i'm totally normal", and for some dumb ass reason I listened to them.  the other day i met my ex, and acted like a complete fool, begging for him to hang out longer and wanting to be with him (we only dated 4 months), so it's pretty embarrassing that i behaved that way.  i clearly have issues.  I'm finally back on my meds starting today, but the thing I am most angry about is that I have consistently been inconsistent with my meds, because I have anxiety about taking them. One to two months I'm off, and then i'm back on, and so on and so on. this pattern has ruined my life.  I have been fired multiple times and used by men because I just can't seem to get a handle on my life.  And it's all because i'm too stupid to take the treatment my doctor has prescribed.  If I'd done that, I would have been a normal person by now. Here i am, trying to rebuild my life.  *** i promise myself i will be consistent with my meds from now on, so i don't make a fucking fool of myself with men and so i don't keep failing at my career *** i hope someday i can look back and laugh at all of this, because so far in my life, i've only been in pain.  but i know i can be happy if i just consistently get treatment.  Has anyone else been thru this? I guess i'm just looking for support.

IF YOU SUFFER FROM ANXIETY, MY BEST ADVICE WOULD BE TO GET CONSISTENT TREATMENT SO YOU DONT END UP LIKE ME.Anxiety has ruined my life, and i just want to get some stuff off my chest.My fianc  of 8 years has told me she no longer feels the same way about me. 
We bought a 4 bedroom house together a year ago and have spent the past year doing it out perfectly to our taste. 
We have our wedding booked for next year and the honeymoon all paid off. We were planning on starting a family shortly after the wedding. 
It's been a tough year finance wise, health wise and we've also had a death on both sides of our families. I also lost my job 3 weeks ago. I do start a new job on Monday but I'm trying not to thing about it because it gives me a panic attack. 
My fianc  has been distant and weird with me for the past 2 weeks, I confronted her last night and she told me she doesn't know what she wants anymore she really doesn't feel the same about me. She doesn't see me in an "intimate" way anymore. 
I'm on Amitriptyline for anxiety and she's on a bunch of stuff. Fluoxetine? Antidepressant (she's been on this over a year) codeine for chronic pain relief due to a surgery she had last year and pregabalin for anxiety (the pregabalin is relatively new and has recently had her dosage upped) 
I don't know why I'm saying all this but she is my everything. 
She's asked for a few days space to decide what she wants. She is my high school sweetheart, she is literally my entire world. We would have to sell the house as neither of us can afford it alone. We would have to cancel the wedding and have the heartbreak of telling all our friends and family and losing thousands of pounds (I honestly don't even care about the money at this point) 

I don't think I can cope if she decides she no longer wants this. If she decides to break up.. I can't even bear to think about it.
She is my best friend and the only person I confide in when I'm upset or troubled, without her I have nobody to go to, nobody to confide in. I get upset about the situation and instantly need her to help me. I don't know what I'm going to do or how I'm going to cope. My whole life is in tatters. The one person on this planet who I devoted my life to and trusted the most utterly and completely, my soul mate, my partner in life. I don't know how to survive. My life is about to become unbearably painful.I was just prescribed Prozac and was wondering what you guys have to say about it. Thanks in advance  StartingIs it okay to let go and lose? 
I have recently gotten the news that I have chrons disease and I feel some other problems not yet diagnosed. Im completely defeated all of the time. I wake up in the middle of the night with my stomach blazing in horrible chronic pain. Also, not to mention the heart burn, I literally feel the full negative effect of heart burn and it is very bad. All I can do all day is lay in my room, literally 24/7, im waiting for what's gonna hit me next and the waves and unbearable and I don't think I can move forward living like this. Between the anxiety, the depression, the hot flashes, the FUCKING NAUSEA, the stomach pain, my immune system is literally destroying itself and its killing me slowly. I can't do anything fun, Im 18, suppose to go to work Monday and I have had since Tuesday to sit around and groan and moan about the stress and mountain I would have to climb to start going to work again. I constantly have bowel problems when I even stand up and nausea almosts makes me fall over. I got some pills for the pain and nausea but it literally does nothing.
So, what would you do in my situation?Is it okay to admit defeat?I keep feeling like my heart is skipping beats and I keep feeling very panicky. I have a bad cold and I can only breathe from my mouth. It's scaring me. I don't want my heart to just stop on me. Why can't this just stop? I used to feel so normal and now I never do.Panic attack right nowSometimes I'll just be scared/anxious for no apparent reason, and it can be very overwhelming even when I'm trying my hardest to keep it under control.

Today it happened when I went to drive my dad to a party, all the way from when I got in the car until now when I'm home basically under my blankets.

Yesterday I was out shopping and as I was going from store to store I got more and more scared/anxious until I just wanted to drop everything and escape so I went home not finishing everything I had to buy. (Off course it didn't stop but atleast I could hide under my blankets)

A few weeks ago the night I moved into my grandfathers house I honest to god felt like someone was going to storm trough the door and kill me. It was so bad I was basically shaking I was shivering so hard and cold sweating like fuck. I didn't have anywhere to go so I just drank the rest of my gin until it went away. (Being drunk just makes me happy luckily, I've been using this whenever I can't handle whatever this is anymore)

The most serious time was probably when  totaled my car falling asleep after driving 2000km away to try and escaspe this feeling. I remember being overwhelmed by this so much that I thought I was going to kill myself if I didn't find a way to stop it. I didn't know that alcohol calmed made this go away at that time. So I just started to drive and just continue driving, I felt that if I just got as far away from wherever I was it would stop. (Can't really get away from me now can I though?...) Driving didn't really work since I just continued driving further and further away until I was 2000km away from where I started some 50-60 hours later of almost non stop driving. Ended up falling asleep at the wheel.

I've been connecting the dots the last month and a half trying to figure out what I should say to my therapist.

Does this make any sense?Feeling scared often for no reason? Does this make any sense?Ive had anxiety now for 6 years. It startedin gcses with vomiting and feeling like i was choking. I pushed through with willpower, throwing up bile each day for 6 months and then going to school.

 I hoped it would go away. Or get better. But it didnt. I finished my gcses and started 6 form. The days got a little easier sometimes. Exam season was still hard. I used to walk for an hour straight before each exam. 

My brother got an abcess on his lower back and it sent him spiraling. Depression. Anxiety. Ocd. He even had ptsd apparently from something that happened when i was 13 (he was 11) we suspect thats what ot stems from. He got very suicidal and didnt leace the house for an entire year. I remember checking on him when i got home and the entire way just had visions of finding him dead. But we got through it. Then at the end of sixth form it got even worse. I had a decision. 

Uni. Job. Apprenticeship. I cant travel even a 5 minute car journey makes me feel sick. I still applied for uni. Got a bunch of offers but couldnt take it so i bailed. I found a service which took "disabled" people and got them a job/apprenticeship. I became an lsa (learning support assistant) at the same school i went to. I knew the kids. I knew the staff. I knew the location. It was the happiest i had ever been. A few months prior i had been put onto fluoexatine abd it worked wonders. The first day at my job was very hard. I expected it to be. But i was welcomed. They understood. I finished my course. There was no job available, so i started a second apprenticeship a level up at the same place. And that brings us to march this year. They sat us down saying there was 99 percent chance there was no job available. Maybe next year (2017) but to look for a job. I held out hope but my anxiety grew worse. Worse. But now its different. It still has the stomach aches. And the choking but i havent vomited in years. But theres this looming dread that i cant shake. Everything seems so cloudy and i cant seem to think straight. I have the savings to volunteer at my school for a year. But what if theres still no job? My mom cant atand the school and thinks they use people. Maybe the higher ups. But the people i saw every day was the nicest people ive ever met. I havent met anyone who likes everyone they work with. I do. I did.

I tried setting up my own private maths tutoring business. Its been a month and i havent had a single inquiry. 

Im looking now for another job. But each time i load up the job website or my emails the wave of anxiety i get is so huge. Even thinking about it now is making me feel sick. I had a reply from another tutorong group yesterday but upon seeing it i freaked out and closed it.

I could delete it. Tell my mom they never got back to me. Hold out jobless until the school has a place. Im going to volunteer there 2 days a week. I got a meeting with my old boss the week after next (its half term) 

Yesterday and today have been awful. I cant focus. Im so tired. I dont know what to do. I sometimes think about killing myself, or becoming homeless and just not caring. But i cant leave my family. I cant lie to them. I know they love me. But when they go out and im all alone i cant help but think man this is my chance to die. I was shaking yesterday night i couldnt think and i was so hot. 

I just dont know what to do. I had my meds doubled in July. Im waiting for talking therapy. God knows when thats gonna be. I just have given so much. Whats left in the tank to give? Is it even worth it? Everything changes. Im going to end up back here again. This is the first time ive wrote all this down and i know ive rambled and rambled. Sorry if the formattings awful i wrote this on my phone. I dont even know what i need anymorei just don't know.I've been considering going off my SSRI (Citalopram) and wanted to know if any of you have had success. I want to start a family in the coming year and would like to try without being on an SSRI due to potential health problems for baby.

A few questions:

When you went off your SSRI, did things go back to the way they were or do you think you had better control over your anxiety?

What was your tapering schedule?

Did you stay off SSRIs or did you eventually go back on them? How long were you able to go without them?

Did you take any supplements or do any therapy to help?

Anything else I should know?Your experiences coming off an SSRI?I want to open up to my mom about my anxiety, I feel like she doesn't understand how much it's affecting me. I mean, she is taking me to a therapist, so she has some understanding. But I just don't know. I wanna go out to dinner with her and just hang out but I got my period this morning and had horrible cramps. I took ibuprofen and chances are it'll wear off soon. Want to spend time with mom today/open up to her moreHi there. I'm a 16 year old that has been at war with a condition that I have no idea about, and I'm hoping that some stranger could help me out.

Early in February this year I was on my way to High School whilst listening to the radio. I forget which song it was, but it was about life and change, and it was very sappy. At the time I was also coping with the fear of death, (which happened a few times to me when I was younger) and as a result when I got to school I was paralysed and broke down crying when thinking about the whole thing. I went to the office to ask if I could leave early, when they refused and referred me to the First Aider to see if I was alright. I told him I was upset and he told me that it was fine. He then decided to recount how he began to be upset at around my age, and that a few years ago his brother killed himself of depression, making himself go on antidepressants for a few years. Naturally this made my state even more anxious, and I made this apparent when I got home to my parents. Over the course of two days, I slowly became more and more irrational, thinking about "what if I hurt myself" or "what if I killed myself" - I genuinely thought I was going to commit suicide. I discussed with my GP/Local Doctor about this, and she responded with it being "Just teenage hormones" and that every teen usually feels 'down' like this at some point, and they'll clear up. After talking to my parents some more, I was a little better, but throughout the following months I could not get rid of these negative, irrational, anxious thoughts. At the beginning of April I was referred to a counsellor to talk about this kind of thing, but after a few sessions I cut it off because it initially made me more upset, to the point where these suicidal thoughts once again FELT real and that I would have actually done it. 

After the end of April, I had finally realised that I needed to get on with my exams and put this on the backburner, and I did. In fact, throughout May and most of June, I was great. Sure, I thought about these kinds of things, and I did worry, but it happened much less and to a lesser extent, and I was genuinely happy. However, I had a falling out with a family member at the end of June, and although I've made up with that person, I can't shake the guilt and worry about what happened again, and I'm scared I'd act like that again. In the middle of July I discovered a few videos on mental health and it brought me out of my temporary euphoria and back down to feeling garbage, because I'm sensitive (Something I also want major help on) and I was reminded of what had happened over the last 4/5 months.

This hasn't really stopped, it's continued throughout the Summer and into what is now higher education, and it's been 8 months since the initial incident in February that triggered this whole ordeal. What's wrong with me? Is it temporary teenage hormones, or is it something more than that? I'm sensitive, how do I work on that? I'm starting to get angry and frustrated with my parents when they mention the "hormones" thing, telling them that it's irrational to believe it will go away, and I hate feeling like that. I'm still guilty about the incident that happened with that family member. I'm worried I'm manipulative, that I'm ugly, that I'm a compulsive liar, and most importantly, that this will never go away. I want help, please, I want to be how I was last year, when I was 15, when I was consistently happy, when I never had these thoughts, when I never worried about this kind of thing, when life was good, and I wasn't plagued by this kind of thing almost every day.

If you know what's wrong with me and why I have these irrational thoughts, please help, and if you also know how to prevent me from feeling like this, or if it'll go away over time, then please help. 
Thank you for reading.I need help. This has been ruining my life for over 8 months now and needs to stop.Just started cymbalta and I feel absolutely awful. It's the weekend so I can't contact my provider until Monday. I don't feel anxious persay so that's nice but my body is so uncomfortable. I feel almost like I'm on fire. I didn't receive any benzos to take in the mean time so I'm not really sure what to do. My hands are super sweaty and I'm really feeling awful. It's day 6 so I haven't given it the two weeks people recommend but idk if I can make it until then. I just feel so crummy. If I went to a doctor I'm not even sure how I'd explain my symptoms." Um hi doc, I feel like my skin is on fire".At what point of medication intolerance do you quit and try another?Hello r/anxiety 

I've come to you for help.
Long story short, my friend suffers from anxiety and she's currently going to evening school to do a computer course. 
She's dedicated and works really hard studying.

But when she goes into the exam she can't seem to focus. I know she knows the stuff, but the actual test setting triggers her anxiety and she can't focus on the test.

So really I'm wondering does anyone on this sub know of and tips or tricks on how to deal with taking a test when you have anxiety ?
Anxiety and examsI have GAD and major depressive disorder, symptoms mostly being psychosomatic crippling nausea. My psychiatrist and me have been trying various medications in combination with psychoanalytical therapy to make my life easier for the past two years. First I was on Zoloft (Sertraline) for a year, which didn't help at all and actually gave me bipolar II-like symptoms. 

I was then prescribed Citalopram 30 mg. to take in the morning in combination with Seroquel 100 mg. to be taken before bedtime since I've always had troubles falling asleep and reaching deep sleep for as long as I can remember. I can't express how amazing it is to always get a full night's sleep. Thank you, Seroquel.

The incremental dosage increase with Citalopram took a long time, however, as I was first on 10 mg, then 20 mg and now finally 30 mg. It took about four months to get this dialed in. I can feel that it has helped a lot in terms of giving me my motivation and energy back. At 20 mg. I was borderline hypomanic, but at 30 mg. feel more at balance between energy and calm.

There is a problem, however. As I was starting up Citalopram I was also prescribed Oxazepam to alleviate the initial side effects because of my emetophobia. Because it took so long to find the right dose of Citalopram, I have become dependent on Oxazepam. Now I have to start tapering off it and to be honest it's damn hard.

First of all I have worked up a tolerance, so it takes a good 45 mg. of Oxazepam to have any effect on my anxiety, whereas to begin with 7.5 mg alleviated all symptoms of anxiety for a whole day. Now its effects wear off after about three hours, so then I'm back to being as anxious as ever. It's a terribly evil cycle that's hard to break.

I've been given a tapering off plan by my psychiatrist that I'm trying to follow:

* 30 mg. Oxazepam in the morning + 15 mg Oxazepam and 25 mg. Seroquel around dinner time. For 2-3 weeks. Then reduce to:

* 15 mg. Oxazepam in the morning + 7.5 mg. Oxazepam and 25-50 mg. Seroquel around dinner time for two to three weeks, then reduce to:

* 7.5 mg. Oxazepam in the morning for two to three weeks and then quit completely and go back to using it only for serious panic attacks.

It's not going so well. Some days I can stick to it and the morning dose always works as intended, but around midday I get so anxious that I have a real hard time not taking 45 mg, and then the plan just falls into shambles again and again.

Have any of you gone through anything similar and how did your quitting experience go? I somehow feel like my drawn-out plan that I have to follow just continues the downward spiral. Seems like it would make more sense to substitute the Oxazepam with a benzo with a longer half-life, so I wouldn't have to take so many pills each day and could taper off a little quicker without *months* of dealing with mild withdrawal symptoms. This is just me rambling though, could be that I'm totally in the wrong about that.

So yeah. Anyone with experience in the field, please feel free to chime in. I know y'all ain't doctors or anything, I'm just looking for perspectives from my fellow people suffering from anxiety.Experiences with tapering off and eventually quitting Oxazepam?I think my personality (quiet and introverted) makes me an easy target for bullying. People do this thing where they giggle at stuff I do (don't tell me I'm imagining it coz it happens all the time) and they like to NITPICK everything I do to the point that it's rude. They don't do it to other (outgoing) people though.

I'm nice and but my introversion and quietness are my core personality traits. When I stand up for myself, I react strongly... OR they think I'm being a bitch because they have never seen me mad.

I graduated more than a year ago and I havent applied yet (I do freelance but it isn't stable) because I'm SCARED of it happening again. A few months ago I was an intern at a design studio and my boss was kinda mean to me and not the others. A lot of sarcastic remarks. It's always been this way since I was little! I am frustrated.

I don't know how to deal with this. Advice please.I have a magnet for mean peopleI'm quitting my job today at a call center because I can't handle the amount of people I have to talk to. I'd figure I can talk to five or so "customers" a day before I'm out of gas in my social tank. I'm a night owl, don't care if I work weekends or holidays, and my housing is covered. 

Are there jobs that don't require customer support? Also, I like to be up and moving even though I'm not in good physical shape. I've been googling jobs off and on for a few hours and I have the following ideas: stock person, night security guard, animal caretaker, janitor. Wonder what other options there may be. I'm not opposed to getting training for something either. Job Ideas for Social AnxietyI don't know what I need to do

I can't go downstairs without having a anxiety attack. Somebody is going to kill me. I'm laying in bed, crying, knowing that something is not right. Something is going to happen. I don't even know if this is my room. Everything seems different. I'm watching my door fight now, waiting for somebody to come in and do something with me. Should I lock myself up in my closet? Please help. I wanna be happy again. I'm getting crazy. 

EDIT: I'm in my closet now. Somebody help meI've been overthinking about my girlfriend a lot lately and it's putting tension between us. If she doesn't send me a message in te morning, I overthink. If I she doesn't text me like we usually do I overthink. If she ignores one of the things I texted her, I overthink. I told her about everything I've been thinking about two days ago and she said nothing will change so don't worry, yet I feel like there is something. Her actions are a small bit different and it's making it so hard for me. I'm reverting back into who I was a couple of years ago where social interactions with anyone made me nervous. I'll walk down the street and a car passes and I'll grab my left arm and begin to rub it as if I'm trying to calm myself down. I can't stop overthinkingHello everyone.

For years I have been described as "chill", and told by my friends they envied my ability to shrug off jerks and horrible people in the world. I have lived what felt like a relaxed life thanks to this ability.

now I have noticed that lately I get wound up over jerks very often and easily. I feel like I run into horrible people everywhere. Rude, impatient, selfish, bullying, and overbearing people effect my day every single day. 

I find myself feeling two distinct things lately. Extreme anger when dealing with these types of people and a massive need to avoid interacting with others to avoid the chance of this problem.

A recent example. On my drive home from the gym while maneuvering through my cramped apartment parking lot, I noticed an older man walking his dog on a road intersecting mine. He didn't seem to be making any signs of crossing my road and instead slowed and angled to walk along the road in my direction. I slowed a bit to be sure he wasn't in fact crossing but as I approached he made no obvious move across the road. As soon as I drove past him he angrily pointed at me and SCREAMED "Stop mother fucker!" Old me would have laughed and shrugged off his over reaction, new me thought "This is why I don't go out." and had extreme feelings of wanting to violently hurt this old man for screaming at me. My blood pressure soared and I thought on it all night. 

I would never have felt this way before. 

My brother is being treated for anxiety and when I told him about this recent event as well as my general feelings lately he felt I may be dealing with anxiety.

I'm sorry for this wall of text but I wanted to explain my situation fully. My question is, am I seeing the effect of anxiety on my mood, or am I just experiencing my patience wearing thin in what feels like a world getting meaner.

Thank you for reading this freaking novella haha!

TL;DR 

I am quickly losing my patience with jerks and its making me want to stay away from the world. Am I dealing with anxiety or anger issues?Losing my ability to shrug of jerks. help!? Long post.I can't cook for people besides my boyfriend and immediate family. I'm afraid it will make them sick, despite my only using fresh ingredients and always baking for the proper amount of time. Does anyone else have this problem?I want to make cookies for a review session for one of my classes. I'm afraid they'll make people sick.If you look at my previous post I talked about how I was arguing with my QPP. It made my anxiety really really bad and when things calmed down he said something to me as a joke and said my nickname. I read it and acknowledged it and recognized it but then I thought "who's *nickname*". I can't tell if I genuinely didn't recognize my name or I just thought it to think it but earlier that day I had an urge to write my nickname on a paper for school, that I wanted my teachers to call me that. And someone I knew in the hallways said "hi *nickname "and I said hi. I should Also add my anxiety worsened after being around someone who has Dissociative Identity Disorder. I started to think I had it and they made a post saying "who's *their name*" and I remember because I kept thinking I had DID I was scared to look at my reflection in the mirror or do anything really. I just don't know what to do. I'm remembering actual people saying my nickname but it still feels unfamiliar even though I can recall these moments and that these thoughts are real. Please help. This is stressing me out even more. I should also add that I forgot about that thought until I went to bed late yesterday. I remembered it and felt nervous and anxious again and I woke up having a bad dream and in my dream I didn't recognize my nickname. I woke up nervous and with my stomach hurting. I just got my period. I'm trying to calm myself down assuring myself that these thoughts are my own and no one else's but it's so hard. My QPP is asleep and I feel alone.

TL;DR i think im having another depersonalization episode, anxiety is really bad, I just got my period, and I had a bad dream. I don't know what to do [Advice Needed]As I'm sure many of you already know first-hand it can be overwhelming even to do the "little" or "normal" things in life for those with anxiety issues. It's about time every one of us bragged about our triumphs big and small in our day to day life.

This weekly post is all about sharing our victories - large and small. Because let's face it - for those of us suffering with anxiety issue it really is all about the little things. Success &amp; victories large AND small happen all the time and these are worth sharing. Also, sometimes in sharing these moments of success, there is the added bonus of fellow Redditors - giving encouragement and hope. It helps to know that there are people actually beating this.
Weekly Success Thread: Share your victories large &amp; small!My queerplatonic partner and I always argue and I hate it. We end up hurting one another and it worsens my anxiety. We had a really bad argument yesterday. The problem is that we have trouble communicating, especially because most of the arguments happen when I mention my anxiety. I want him to help me and listen and be supportive but he isn't always emotionally available and I cling onto him all the time. He asks to stop talking about it since he's busy or uncomfortable but I continue talking about it because I push him for more answers. He feels like I don't appreciate him or care for him, he feels like I don't listen to him. We just yell over one another's voices instead of listening to one another. What can I do to help? I've told him how he can help me, by listening to me and being comforting but I don't know what to do...
Need help [Advice Needed]And not just noise but ANYTHING. There are times when I can't stand and cope with anything going on including music (which is my biggest escape) but once silence takes over. The silence is too loud and I can't escape. It's like my mind is just full of noise when there is noneanyone feel that everything is too loud?And how/why? Is it for the increased appetite or they act in the metabolism or something like that?antidepressants and anxiolytics can make you gain weight?So I am a junior in college and while my social anxiety has gotten a bit better it's still pretty bad and I feel like my general anxiety is getting worse. I have this anxiety about studying on campus at the library or pretty much any places on campus. I'm not even sure if it's social anxiety or what, but I just cannot study on campus. My school recently renovated a building and I walked in there to see if maybe I would be comfortable studying and it was horrible for me. There were too many people and even though there were empty seats I didn't want to be there anymore. I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that I'm very uncomfortable with myself and feel like everyone is watching. I know it's irrational but it's kind of a fear that someone will see something I'm doing and will think it's dumb/stupid/wrong or whatever. I always have this sense that I'm doing something wrong (like maybe I'm sitting somewhere I'm not supposed to, or taking someone's spot, or I'm sitting weird, breathing too hard, typing too fast, almost everything!) But it makes no sense because I'm just studying. Anyway, I was wondering if anyone felt like this? I also have a hard time just walking to class, I just want to get to class where less people can see me. Social/General Anxiety in collegeI always thought it did as I'd have a cup and be a jittery mess. 

Now I understand that I already *have* anxious thoughts and coffee sometimes exacerbates it..

Kicking myself. Breakthrough - coffee doesn't give me anxiety!Typing to people online is a huge handicap to me, because in reality I rely a ton on intonation, stress, and hand gestures while speaking. This does not translate well in text and usually results in massive misunderstandings. Since this is now the age of social media, I'm starting to struggle greatly when it comes to typing online. For those who don't know what I'm talking about, here's a fake example.

If were to type "I don't like reese's peanut butter cups.", you might see that in several different ways. You can see it as whiny, blunt, calm, annoyed, sassy, et cetera. But that someone could've meant it light-heartedly but it's actually perceived as whiney.

When people get the wrong idea of what I'm saying, it really just affects me deeply. It's one of the top 3 sources of my anxiety and I just can't help it. I can't just explain what I mean because in that comes off as whiny as well.I don't even know whether or not to classify it as insecurities since I actually want people to know almost everything about me, and I'm not that irritated when people have something right about me but they laugh at it.

I've tried controlling my anxiety before. I've been put on two different meds, they didn't work. I've tried therapy, did not work. I've tried talking to others, but that's a short term solution. I feel like I should really just attack the problem from a different direction, but I don't know where to start.I have issues conveying emotion onlineI've been on it for 10 years and it worked great but I've been on the highest dosage and it doesn't work for me anymore. I also suffer from hypomania, depression, insomnia, OCD, and bulimia brought on by anxiety which put me in the hospital before, so I need medication. Clonazepam is long acting which is why I take it. I don't want to go to a doctor and ask them flat out for Diazepam but that may be my only option idk. I can only function a few weeks out of the monthClonazepam isnt working AnymoreI have come here due to the fact I don't know the answers to my situation. To make a long story short, I have known this guy since I was 17, I am now 26. Ironically, he used to be married to my former best friend. My friendship with her ended around the same time as their divorce about 3 years ago. She went crazy, ran off with another man and got pregnant, blah blah. He and I have remained great friends, and even hung out. We talk often. Back in July he told me he had fallen in love with me and he was always afraid to say it, that I would leave him in the "friend zone" or what my reaction would be since of course, he was married to someone that used to be my best friend. It took me a bit to process it, but I agreed to give us a try after he begged and begged to please let him love me and give us a try. So I did, I slowly started to fall for him. We had been trying to plan on a first actual date together, but his motor in his car has been out and he financially until now hasn't been able to get a vehicle, his plan was to finally get one within the next 2 weeks. He started opening up to me more and more about being depressed and having anxiety, he used to be on meds for it but stopped taking them. I never knew how severe it was until last month where he went in some crazy "episode" and just flat out said, I'm not what he wants afterall, he had "lost feelings" for me, that he prefers to be alone and in seclusion and just saying so many things to try and push me away. When he literally had given me NO indication whatsoever feelings were lost. He was still calling me babe, being all sweet and cute. Not one inkling that he lost feelings. I tried telling him not to do this to himself, and allow himself to be happy and not to self sabotage like this. He had said "we can still be friends" I was like ummmm so you beg me to give you a chance, I do and fall for you, now YOU'RE the one wanting to just be friends? So it was just so bad and he ended up deleting me from everything. Fast forward a week later, the whole week I was just distraught. Not only did I feel I lost the man I fell for, but also the man who had been my best friend for years and knew everything about me. He messaged me saying he "missed me" and if he could please call me to explain. I let him do that. He was bawling his head off saying his depression and anxiety is at an all time high and he pushed me away because he doesn't feel deserving of me and he feels like he is in a black hole, that when he looks at himself he sees a monster, and though I am the most amazing woman he "has ever met or known in his life" he doesn't know how to control this... but that he wants to get better for himself, and get better so he can be the man he knows I deserve. So, he made a doctors appointment, got back on anxiety meds, that was 3 weeks ago. He had said it was making him go up and down and he was planning to go back to the doctor to see what other options there are. I agreed to give him another chance, as I do know how much mental health can affect someone and it's not entirely his fault. Things were great for a bit. Then just yesterday he messages me and says "I'm just gonna say it, maybe I should have come to you first, but I asked others instead and I just don't like that you have a pic of you and a shirtless male waiter on your fb (let me clarify that pic was taken 5 months ago before I ever knew about his feelings for me, so why he is upset about that makes no sense) and once again he drops a bomb like this on me when there had been no inkling of any feelings changing... and that he feels we "arent on the same level" and that since he is getting back into being a Jehovah Witness, and I am a Christian, that he can't see me being his mate afterall. When just a week ago we discussed him getting back into that and although we have a few differences in beliefs, we both respect each other enough to not allow that to become an issue. He thanked me over and over for "being understanding" and not "pushing my beliefs on him" Now he's all saying "You will never understand me" "We can be friends or not at all" and that "He has to focus on God because the end is near" Being a Christian, Clearly I have NO problem with him getting closer to God, but I do feel he is using this as a crutch to run and hide like he did last month. It always seems like he has to find some sort of excuse or reason as to why we can't be together. same old things he said last time he had his "episode" but instead of even letting me respond like last time, he just straight up blocked me from EVERYTHING! Facebook, Instagram. I now have literally no way of contacting him. He said what he wanted to say, and before I even had the chance to reply, he blocked me. It is such a cold move and once again, I am so so hurt. Whether he contacts me in a week again like he did last time, I don't know. But my question is, do I need to let him go, is this clearly more than just a depression/anxiety issue and is so much more deeper than that? Or do I try to be understanding again and try to understand the chaos in his head. But at my own expense and possibly getting hurt more than twice now. It's not so simple when he was one of my best friends, so it makes the pain 20x more worse because I have trusted him whole heartily. He has been there for me through many of my breakups, my other issues and he said he promised to give me everything I had been looking for in a man that I always cried to him about, it's so much harder than it just being any other random guy. He is 30, btw and idk sometimes I wonder if he has issues he needs to take care of before ever even trying to be with me or anyone else. But my God, I love this man so so much, and it hurts so much he just blocked me and was so cold about it, as if my feelings don't even matter. I'm trying to research depression and anxiety to better understand him, but it's hard when now my heart is broken because of his behaviors. Please give me some insight on what I should do. Is it wrong to give up on someone that is depressed? I am a very strong woman, I know exactly what it is that I want and more importantly, what I deserve. If this was any other man I would give them a big F U and be done with them, but given my history and friendship with him...that's not exactly easy for me. Is this beyond my control now? Do I eventually reach out to him and be there for him? Let him come to me when he is ready? Or move on with someone else who knows what they want, and what they want is me, and has their emotions "intact"Dating someone that suffers from Anxiety/DepressionI have been needing to get this off of my chest for so long. I'm sorry if this is long and nonsensical, but I don't know where to turn anymore.

There is no reason for me to feel this way. Every day, every interaction, every single thing that is supposed to make me happy has an underlying feeling of dread. I constantly feel like something is about to go wrong or I'm about to get "found out" in some way. I am a student at a prestigious university who has good grades. I have a family who supports and loves me very much. I am involved in a local community where I meet many generous people who are so warm and loving. I volunteer several times a week and help animals: what I do for them is the only sense of pride and self-worth I have. I have best friends that I can tell anything: this feeling is so hard to explain.

 Any time I try to tell someone I feel anxious, they ask why. This feeling "has" to have a source. It doesn't. I am hurting so badly and there is nothing on which to pinpoint this feeling. Everything that goes slightly badly puts me even further down in this hole for days, and I sink deeper every time. Every time a customer at work says something hurtful, I am paralyzed with depression for at least a day. My classes require community outreach and when I try to discuss societal problems to people, they look at me with disgust or say something rude. My heart is breaking and nothing makes sense. I used to love people. I used to be outgoing. I used to have fun. Now, my chest is tight. I am constantly on the verge of crying. I don't remember the last time a genuine laugh has escaped my mouth. Any time I see something good happen, I think immediately that it isn't true or that it's about to go wrong. That anything positive does not actually exist as I see it. I am so passive and want to make everyone else happy, but deep down I am crumbling. I want to go off the grid forever. I want to be away from all that I am doing, even though I am passionate. I do not want to die, but I don't want to live the way I am now. The only reason I am not more apathetic about whether I live or die is for my friends and family and dogs. As for how I feel about myself, I don't care less either way. I am not actively seeking a way to die, but life does not have the sparkle it once did. My soul is eroding from I don't even know what. I need help. There are a few seconds every day that I feel I snap out of it, that I wake up from this nightmare of being trapped in my head. I see the world for what it really is: good. I see the selflessness in people. I feel the love and compassion I know there has to be. But that momentary feeling of content and peace all goes away as suddenly as it appears. I know this is not how people are supposed to live. I don't know how to stop. I am crying for help. I need to know I am not alone and what I feel is valid. Even saying something like that immediately makes me feel like I am so selfish and self-centered for wanting people to put their efforts or time or energy toward me when it could go to someone else. I don't deserve that. What have I done to deserve that? I don't have an answer. I also don't have an answer for what I have done to deserve any of what I feel right now. 

Thank you for reading this. Even if I get no responses, knowing my feelings are out there is therapeutic in it's own way. Thank you.I am at my wit's end. I need help.My boyfriend is the world to me and has been nothing but the most supportive possible with my anxiety/depression etc.

Although every time he goes to work or he goes out with his friends I'm incredibly rude to him and I get extremely anxious and I don't know why. It is really affecting our relationship but he is so good, he says that we can work through it and he will help me whenever and wherever we need to.

I suppose I'm looking for ways of making this better? I'm so rude to him and it really hurts his feelings and I don't know why it makes me so angry and upset every time he does something that doesn't involve me, it happens every time without fail.I'm having major issues with my boyfriend due to anxiety and I don't know why it happensBasically it was a spur of the moment decision (partly due to substance) and I really regret it. I've spent the last 3 days scared stiff and overthinking every possible what if and its really screwing with my life, I've been unable to concentrate on work I have to do or anything. I used a condom and everything and even ran water through it after the fact to put my mind at ease to see if it had a leak (it didn't) but it didn't help at all. I'm still freaking the fuck out over this and have lost sleep over it and I really don't feel like I can rest easy until a couple months have passed and I know nothing can happen. I'm so stressed about this does anyone have any advice cuz this seems like a fairly unhealthy feeling to have towards this kind of thing I had a one night stand and now I've got terrible anxiety over it. Anyone got any tips?A while back I posted about fears about going to a con. It went extremely well! It really helped that there were a lot of things to look at to distract myself. I managed to hold some short conversations and worked up the courage to ask cosplayers for pictures. There were also no creeps, so that's a big plus. Hope to go back again next time.This is late, but: exhibition/con thing updateI (25f) just feel super bummed out because this guy (26m)  I was seeing and really starting to like has suddenly stopped texting me and I have no idea why. 
So I've been out of the dating game for a long time (over 2 years) after me and my last bf broke up. I didn't feel ready to date anyone new for a very long while and I had self-esteem issues because I had put on weight in the past few years. Anyways I have been feeling even more lonely than I usually do and I had actually lost 15 lbs and was starting to feel better about myself. I started talking to a guy on tinder and we texted for about a week before he mentioned hanging out. Of course I was so nervous to actually meet up with him, not because I was worried about my safety or anything like that but I was worried he wouldn't like me or would think I was unattractive. 
I made plans and canceled twice because I felt like I didn't have the courage to go through with it. Finally one Friday night I forced myself to meet up with him. We had an amazing time! Talked and laughed for hours at the bar, took a walk on the beach, went back to my house and just kissed and stayed up all night getting to know each other. This was 4 weeks ago, since then up until last week we had been hanging out constantly, spending the night together, facetiming, talking on the phone, etc. 
I Iiked him so much and i was positive that he liked me just as much. In only 2 weeks we were so, so close already. It felt like we had known each other for years and had been in a relationship. Last week everything was 100% fine when he left my house Friday morning, since then he's barely been texting me (I can tell that when I text him he was only responding to be nice) and we had made plans to hang out on my days off during the week but I didn't hear from him at all. (The plans were made back when things were still good between us) 
I'm so confused and I have no clue what I did. I'm really disappointed because I feel like I went out on a limb and opened up and basically got screwed over...... sorry about the typos and rambling, I just really needed to vent about this :/ now I'm even more scared to go out with someone else because I am worried about this happening again and getting hurt.
Idk if I should say something like "hey did I do something wrong, what's up?" or "did you not want to hang out anymore?" or just leave it alone. I think if he wanted to see me or talk to me he would so I don't want to be annoying and have him think that I can't take the hint. Just really not sure what to do

Tldr; had a great few weeks with a tinder match, he suddenly stopped contact with no explanation and now I'm sadGhosting GuyIt's something I'm really tired of hearing of. It's something I get told by those close to me when it comes to hobbies I actually enjoy and generally getting out of the house and making friends. Each time I always say that I wish it were just that easy to change. If I had the choice, I wouldn't constantly be alone at home or afraid to put out what I enjoy to the public, and stand up for myself when someone treats me terribly instead of breaking down. The fear of being judged is just so strong. I know if I say I've been trying, it won't be believed because I have no way to prove it. It's thing that occurs in my head after all. No matter how much I try to explain, it doesn't seem to change a thing. 

I think a major part of my anxiety is my fear of being judged by others. I think it may stem from my past where family and people around me would nitpick about the way I hold myself or the way I act. They were usually all really small comments but I feel like they've just stacked up. Now I'm at a point where I want friends, to talk to family, and be proud of something I do...but once I try, I freeze up and my head just gets filled with these 'What if' thoughts. It's not like I visibly have a anxiety or panic attack either, which is both a good and bad thing I guess.

Honestly, I'm just tired of comments like the one in the title and "Just Relax". They don't help at all. If I could do those things in an instant, I'd chose to be a kind or chill extrovert and do what I've always wanted to do and get a job, but no. I'm still struggling to fight my thoughts and force myself to not to externally freak out when I interact with people that I know don't care about me like cashiers.

Sorry for the vent, I'll admit I just had my mood ruined after being really excited for something. Plus had a bad day of hearing these things yesterday. I've felt pretty alone when I've tried to explain my anxiety. Please feel free to delete this if need be.I'm sick of hearing "Stop Caring What others Think, and be whatever You want to be."Hi, i'm a 19 year old male and over the last few months i've been getting a really weird feeling. I quit smoking weed a year ago now ( which i smoked quite often for around 6 months ) but over the last few months I have moments where I feel like some things are really weird and fake, when i'm outside especially during the day and everything sometimes gets a bit brighter. I start to think about what it could be which gets me worried and my breath starts to feel thick as if i'm not getting as much oxygen than I normally get. This feeling usually last around 5-10 minutes and I get it around once a month. I don't exercise or go out much and sleep quite a bit also. I rarely socialize with people ( which I find takes my mind off of it ) but I have no friends to socialize with which is a problem. It's terrible and it feels like I can never be 100% happy just encase I start to feel like it again. Any ideas on what it could be and what could help would be amazing. Thanks.Do I have anxiety?Does anyone else get bad tension headaches when your anxiety is bad. I'm getting kinda freaked out because my headaches have been daily for about a month but my anxiety has also been worse than usual.  Chronic tension headachesFor whatever reason I'm very afraid of people finding out about my personal interests (Music, tv shows/movies, etc.)
Whenever my family comes in my room I instantly switch to my desktop even though what I'm doing isn't inappropriate, I'm just afraid of them knowing what I'm interested in. 

I guess I'm just wondering if anyone else has any of the same feelings or if anyone has any advice on how to get over this.I'm Irrationally self-Conscious/afraid of people learning about my personal interests.The [2] doctors I've spoken with have pretty well said I'm not a candidate for benzos, and the other types of anxiety medications they would prescribe come with anti-depressant properties.

I was just wondering if this was wholly true. I have an appointment on Monday where I'll be asking for medication I previously opted against for the therapy-only route, which isn't working.

I guess I feel that if I can get the anxiety in check, it'll be much easier to deal with the resulting depression, without becoming reliant on anti-depressants to do so. 

Any info and/or advice is much appreciated.Does anyone know of any anxiety medications which have no anti-depressant properties and are not benzos?My friend is threatening to call an ambulance for me because I won't go to the ER for my anxiety. He said its gone too far because I had a panic today while driving. So now he wants me to go to the ER because I haven't been able to get in to a psychiatrist but I'm refusing so he's saying he'll call an ambulance so I'm forced to go! I'm worried that he'll actually do it and that he'll tell them something that will discredit what I'm saying. I've already said I'd refuse to go with the ambulance but what else can I do??? what do you do in a situation like this???What do I do?????I tried to get my wisdom teeth out recently, but my dentist said the anesthesia didn't work on me so he couldn't do the procedure. He wants to do it again with ONLY Xanax (and of course something to numb my jaw). I'm freaked - I'm incredibly phobic of any kind of medical procedure, and I've never taken Xanax or any kind of SSRI before.




He told me to try one pill at home to see how I felt, and if it wasn't strong enough he would try me on two pills. I just tried the Xanax pill he prescribed tonight. 30 minutes after taking it I felt a little woozy, and then I just immediately fell asleep for an hour. When I woke up I didn't think I felt any different?





So yeah -- how do you know if Xanax is working? I'm not anxious all the time, just in specific situations (like getting blood drawn). So I'm worried that I'll try it at home and feel calm, but then when it comes time to the procedure I'll realize it wasn't enough, but I'll still have to go through with the surgery. Would it be smarter to try it again in a similar situation -- like make an appointment to donate blood and take two Xanax beforehand? (Are you even allowed to donate blood while on Xanax?)How do you know if xanax is working?First off, this is not the first time I've had an issue like this, but I think it takes the cake for longest now that it's been over a month.  I just need to vent because this is fucking killing me and I don't know what to do.  Basically, any time I don't have a deep distraction I feel like I'm not getting enough oxygen and am consciously breathing (as opposed to it being passive).  So well over half of every day I'm struggling to breath and it fucking sucks.  Writing this post is making it worse to be honest but I need someone to hear this, just so I don't feel alone.

On top of this, several times a day my heart just starts racing, especially if I have to do anything that's the least bit abnormal.  On top of this I keep waking up in the middle of the night and can't go back to sleep because of anxiety.

Last weekend I had a day or two of feeling mostly normal, so I thought I'd made it over the hump, but monday rolls around and it's straight back to the suck.

I'd been taking some expired lorazepam I'd had from past episodes, but my new doc didn't want to prescribe me any more since it can be addictive, so she has me on hydroxyzine at night.  Just 25mg pills.  They don't seem to be helping much.  I keep telling myself it's going to pass since I've been through this before but it won't go away and it feels so fucking awful.  I can't bear it.  Also, my medicaid expires at the end of the month, and I was going to schedule an appointment with a therapist since I had an initial screening yesterday, but I wouldn't be able to get in til mid November, so I'd be paying for everything out of pocket, in addition to suffering with this every day in the mean time.  This morning I call the doc saying how I still can;t sleep so she says I can up the dose to two hydroxyzine pills and take some OTC melatonin, but I still dunno how much that is going to help, especially since it's not just a problem at bedtime. 

I don't think my doctor understands how bad my anxiety is, it's hard to sell it because I tend not to feel super bad when I'm at the doctor because I've got my mind busy, figuring out what to talk about and it tends to be in the morning, which is when I have the most control over the anxiety.  But these nights are so miserable, and although I tell myself it's only temporary, I feel like its going to last forever.

Meditation only makes things worse.  Distractions are my only escape but they are a fleeting escape.  I can forget about the anxiety for 30 minutes to up to an hour at a time if I'm lucky, but it keeps coming back and it isn't getting better.Constant feeling of suffocation, frequent episodes of heart racing for over a monthToday I went to see a counselor and it was awful. I have been dealing with anxiety for the past month or so, and everyday it seems to get better. A month and a half ago, I went to see my school counselor whovwas a very reassuring person. I told him how I was a daily weed smoker for two years (I quit weed altogether two weeks prior to this), and I told him that I have been worrying a lot more than usual. He told me that it's most likely me just coming down from weed and that he would get a psychiatrist to see me so he could properly diagnose me. So a couple weeks later, I see this psychiatrist and tell him that I've been worrying a lot more than usual lately and that I've had scary intrusive thoughts. He told me that I have GAD and a bit of minor OCD. After this session he told me counseling would be the way to go. At first I thought that this counselor would be like my school counselor: reassuring and actually gave a shit about my anxiety. She was like Dolores Umbridge from a Harry Potter: a fucking cunt (and I never like using that word). Everytime I was telling her something, she would interior with something stupid. For example, when I told her that I worry about getting cancer and getting some serious disease, the first thing she asks me is "Have you seen a doctor to make sure?" No fucking shit, why else would I be here? When I told her I quit weed a month ago, she told me that I should see a drug counselor because apparently she wasn't the kind of counselor to talk to about drugs. She asked me if my father was still around, and I said yes. She then asked if my dad had been giving me weed which was when I told myself that she is useless. She then went on about how that father's usually give their children marijuana which can apparently lead to heroin and meth (I've heard many times before by cops and teachers). She said lots of other stupid shit but I feel like she just made my anxiety a bit worse. It was as if she was feeding off me. Any of you had any trouble with counselors? Just curious.A Counselor made my anxiety worseI saw a ex crush of mine run to hug her boyfriend. It seriously mind fucked me. I don't even know what to do right now. Sorry for little information. I'M TRYING SO HARD TO MOVE ONThese two things happen to me very, very often. I've even been groped at work (by a customer and a coworker). I like to wear shorts and tank tops in warm weather (for obvious reasons! It's hot!) and, it happens to me most when I wear more revealing clothes but it often doesn't even matter what I wear. I'm 19. 

I know street harassment and catcalling are, unfortunately, common, but I feel like the only one who gets terrified. For example, I was catcalled twice while paying for parking and I walked away in tears. 

Im just so scared. I've been followed home, I've been stalked on the bus, stared at, whistled at, honked at, touched without consent...

I'm quite independent and I like to go out and explore on my own. I carry pepper spray but, because of my anxiety, I'm always worried I'll use it at the wrong time and get my ass sued. 

Do any other women feel this way? Street Harassment &amp; CatcallingI just had a random video pop up in my suggested on youtube talking about a faked alien invasion on election day to incite a new world order. And then it suggested a bunch of stuff about "Project Blue Beam." I'm seriously losing my mind and feel like I'm going to puke. If this is real then I'm so fucking scared. There's nothing I can do about it.... I'm so scared I can't describe. I'm scared or my family, friends, everybody. The last time I felt this scared was this summer when anonymous was talking about the second holocaust happening in America. And even then it wasn't anywhere near this level. This is past anxiety for me, I feel defeated, I feel helpless because if this happens there's nothing I can do to stop it. I feel plain fucked. I can't get help because no one knows I have anxiety and even if they did and I told them about this they would just respond with "it's all in your mind" and "that's ridiculous." 





There's a lump in my throat and I can barely talk. I can't focus on anything. Usually when I'm anxious I can just act like it's fine and push it to the back of my mind and no one notices, but this time... for the last hour I've been just staring into space. I just now came back to Earth and typed this out.








I don't know if you have any wisdom but it's welcome...This is the worst anxiety I have ever felt in my life.hi, there! at first, sorry if i made some English mistake, this is my very first post in reddit and English isn't my first language.

I live with anxiety since i can remember. my mom always struggled to made me sleep. in 90s, when internet was a unknown word in my country, i remember sleeping 2am. my excuse was that i wanted to wait for my father to get home, he worked until 1am or so. in 2000, internet came and that was "a dream". I would not sleep and go to school anyway almost everyday. now I'm 28, I "discovered" three years ago that i have depression and anxiety. it's been a battle since i started to take pills. before this, my heart went boom randomly. i was aways wishing my bed. then i started with the medicine and got troubles until my psych and me found a good remedy. alprazolam and venlafaxin, high doses, everyday. 

every week i buy beers or drink whiskey till the day goes up, watching movies or listening songs, at least twice a week. then i have to wake up 11am to go to work, wishing i was dead. I've found almost one year ago a good therapist, but things are difficult. i assume that i gave up easily to my "sins", mixing remedy and alcohol, but i just can't understand anything. i feel like I'm living only by my girlfriend and family.living with anxiety and getting worseI've been struggling with anxiety and self worth issues for so long I can't remember when I last wasn't. There was a point a year ago where I locked myself in my house and the only thing that brought me relief was the thought of killing myself. I got passed that, and after abandoning my recovery plan at my local mental health clinic once, I started it over again. I'm currently going every Wednesday to talk to my caseworker(?) about things, but the treatment has seemed real slow to me. The past two days I've been more anxious that usual. I've been extra fatigued, lethargic, irritable and overall depressive too. I feel as if the world around me is always changing and everyone knows who they are and what they're doing and I can't slow down my thinking for long enough to stop and enjoy anything. My girlfriend tells me I just need to breathe, but I don't understand how to "stop and breathe", I still feel miserable and unimportant and stupid. I don't know what I want to do and when o try to have ideas and think evaluate my life help myself get ahead I feel thoughtless and alone. I can't stop thinking until it's necessary for me to think and I'm so tired of feeling like I'm destined to lead a mediocre existence. World spinning while I'm stuck in my mindSo lately after I eat, I get dizzy and very nauseated.  I actually have almost thrown up tonight!  I've had this before off and on but it seems worse now then ever before.  My head feel sort of like a pressure in the back and it's scary.  I am actually laying down because it's so bad.  

My question is does anyone else experience this? I have had blood work and things check out ok, so it's very worrysome for me.  It is very frustrating and is affecting my ability to work!Nausea and dizzinessSo first off... 25, Male (Physically, for medical reasons) Was healthy until several years ago. This just being something I'm sure isn't anxiety because I take xanax. Not mine, but I take it. It does not remove these symptoms. Everyone seems to think it should.

THe past year I've been belching which would be great. If it wasn't all day and night and not progressing into something more painful and anxiety/panic inducing. Which is to say, Lightheadedness and pain. I already feel anxious about everything else. 

I'm reduced to laying on the floor and even then, I get no relief because the lightheadedness has decided "When you roll over, here it comes" and I can't even tell if it's truly lightheadedness or vertigo because it's over pretty quick. But tat split second of failure throws all my switches.  As I've typed this out, I've burped at least 20 times. It's disgusting and.. as a transperson, not in my style.

I just want to be able to walk again but my family seems to take a sick "Oooh poor you" treatment towards this. Because yes, poor me. I was walking fine 6 months ago. 

I can't see a doctor. The ER doctors say "It's anxiety" when... would anxiety really cause this weird lightheaded/burping combination that kind of play off each other?

Sorry if this is the wrong place.Hypochondriac?I've had bad anxiety since I was born...I never wanted my mom to leave me when I was at pre-school, and growing up it got worse.

I had a great first two weeks at college. Partying and all...then long story short I had a panic attack and went home. Then my roomate said she didnt want a roommate with anxiety, basically kicked me out of my room and made my life hell.

I have an awesome new roommate now, but Im scared to go back. Idk why. Im terrified. The past two times I went back I had a panic attack and had to go home. Ive been home the past 4 weekends. Ive tried consoling but each time I go I just break down. My college is three hours from home. I feel like a failure. I want to enjoy college, but this anxiety is crippling me. I need help.Too Afraid to Go Back to College Due to AnxietyI feel extremely anxious to the point of a panic attack about people saying bad stuff about me or thinking I'm a creep. I can't stand it because I sometimes talk bad about people too, but when it comes to me I get super anxious and/or depressed. It is really hypocritical I know. For example, I recently asked for a co-worker's number since we were pretty chill and i thought we could be friends. It went perfectly but I don't want to be viewed as a creep behind my back.. Constant anxiety about people talking bad about meLearn the shit out of the art of complimenting and get into the habit of complimenting everyone in a nice way. Hold the door for everyone. Make it so that there is NO CONTEST that people like you, and that they smile and say thank you many times a day. A suggestion to deal with anxiety: turn your niceness levels up to 11.Best medications for social anxiety? Or any supplements that might work? Thank you!Social AnxietyHey everyone, I'm a high schooler who suffers from mild-moderate social anxiety, accompanied by pretty bad performance anxiety. I really want to participate a lot more in class, and I know that it would be good for me, but I feel like I'm being held back by my anxiety. Whenever I feel like I can adequately answer the questions of another student or the teacher, I feel like raising my hand, but I usually don't because my heart will start racing and I'll start sweating and shaking a bit. For the times that I have participated in class, I notice that my voice doesn't quiver so badly but that is only because I am decent at disguising my fear, and my heart will still be racing, I'll shake, etc. I feel that if I can get rid of the physical symptoms, I'll be so much better off. So I have done some research and found Inderal (propanolol) as a potential treatment.

TLDR - I suffer physical symptoms of anxiety.

I'd like to know some things before asking my mom for a prescription:

-Have you noticed any long-term side effects and/or negative effects from daily usage?

-Is there an age requirement to take Inderal? (I'm under 18)

-How did you acquire Inderal? Did you have to talk to an anxiety specialist and get a prescription, or can you ask your regular doctor (pediatrician in my case) for a prescription, explain your situation, get it and leave? Or, can you even walk into a pharmacy and get some after explaining why you could use some, and would the Inderal in that case be covered by insurance?

Thank you very much for any answers.Questions for users of beta blockers, specifically Inderal (Propanolol)Hi there all, it was the evening 4th of April 2012 to be exact I remember when I first got a panic attack, it left me in total confusion that whats happening to me, I felt fast heartbeat, drying mouth and trembling in my body. I went to bed and tried to divert my mind from it, somehow I succeeded but the next day I felt the same and the next day after, and after that I felt it 4-5 times in a week. I went to doctors they said you are okay, but I was thinking that I'm suffering from heart disease. After the first year passed it was obvious for me that it is not a heart disease, it was the depression. I tried to cure it myself but failed again and again and I passed 4 years in this condition. Right now my condition is too bad, and seems no cure for me. I suffer with these conditions, 1. Heavy head (Almost all the time) 2. Shortness of breath 3. Hard to focus (Vision problem) 4. Fast heartbeat (Sometimes) 5. Fear (A lot) 6. No appetite 7. Hard to sleep (And when asleep, hard to wake up) 8. Even sometimes I feel pain in left arm (I consider it as imaginary) Please suggest me any motivation or solution to this if there is any left.4 Years Untreated Anxiety, making me feel heart patient.An issue came up in my life about 4 months ago that is still a constant weight on me and I have no idea how to continue. 

I am 30 years old and have been dealing with anxiety issues for a long time, but I have never felt this terrible for so long. Nothing I am used to helping seems to work and I have read enough things online and been through enough forums that I can see myself getting worse and more into serious realms of depression and it scares the crap out of me. I haven't slept well in 3 months, usually I have only ever had issues for at most a week at a time. Swimming laps at the pool hasn't been helping to clear my mind like it used to. I have always liked cooking and now don't feel like I have the energy to cook anything good even when I am hungry which has been getting rare. Usually I feel like I am forcing myself to eat something because I know I have to. I have always been able to play games on my computer and just forget the world for a while but now I just find myself staring at my games library in Steam and not not doing anything. I love my job and have never had a breakdown while at work until about a month ago. Now there have been a few times that I have locked myself in a bathroom to get away from everyone and cried so now I am terrified I am going to screw things up with my job. 

I know I need help but I don't know what to do. If I go to a professional I will probably need some sort of consistent time off from work which would require some sort of explanation to my boss, plus I have friends that work at the hospital clinic that has the mental health department and I can't imagine them seeing me there. There is a friend that I have had for over 8 years that I have talked to on some occasions in the past but I can't imagine putting any of this on her this time.

Nothing seems to be working this time and I don't know how I am going to be able to talk to someone for help.Lower than i've been ever been and I know i need help but can't bring myself to get itHello! I've never posted in this sub before, but you all seem like a fairly accepting community, so I feel like you won't hate me for these weird issues I've been facing lately. 

So I've had anxiety since, well, before I was finally diagnosed with it when I was 13. I'm 18 now, soon to be 19, and I've tried lots of coping methods, and lots of them have worked, but then they tend to stop working. I usually just cycle through things that help and work them into my schedule. 

The only thing that kept me from having breakdowns in high school was the thought that "if I work hard enough, I can make it disappear forever." And I worked pretty hard. For me, a good therapist is better than medication, so three times a week I'd go to see my therapist and we'd bust out ideas and it would be great. 

Now that I've moved to a new city, I see a therapist once every month or so, and I have to admit it's been pretty hard. I know how to prevent myself from having a panic attack, but that doesn't mean I feel comfortable.  I've also come to realize that there really isnt any "making it disappear forever." you just learn to live with it. 

Usually when I feel like I'm bothering my roommate, or like I'm not doing good enough in college, I feel sad, and a bit like a baby. However recently, my sadness and "sorry's" have turned into "well i'm sorry i'm so shitty." and " i'll just move out if you hate me so much." 

I don't know if this is normal, but it's been really hard for me to realize about myself, as I've never had the intentions of hurting someone's feelings, but I'm just so tired of constantly feeling sappy, and just growing a grudge was easier for me to do in my time of stress. 

I'm not sure if this is normal or not, or how to reverse it really. I'm so sorry that this is so long, I hope it doesn't feel like a waste of time to read. Anxiety Disorder Slowly Turning Into Anger IssuesI think I may be having episodes of depersonalization. Right now I feel like I'm observing myself from the outside but I don't know. My anxiety was really bad like an hour ago and I just feel off. I should add that unreality is a trigger so whenever I hear something that's unreality I feel uncomfortable. And also I get uncomfortable when someone mentions dissociation/depersonalization. I looked at someone's about page on impulse and they said their age slides and then I started to think my age slides but that person is seriously mentally ill. I hate that I pick apart everything I see. I feel so uncomfortable right now I just want to curl up and cry. Depersonalization?I have recently been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. 

I sit there of a night a thing of events that happened years ago in my life, really trivial things like maybe a joke I told badly or just any silly situation that made me feel slightly uncomfortable from absolutely ages ago. When I say trivial, I can't tell you how silly and insignificant the things I focus on are. I know there's no way that the people in my life still focus on the things that seem to pop up in my head for no reason. 

Anyway, as I think of these 'cringe' moments, for the last few months I actually have started swearing out loud. I think it's involuntary, but at the same time, I'm not sure. I don't tend to do it in public, I'm sort of in control of it. But when I'm in the car on my own, or lying in bed or sitting on the couch with my girlfriend I just do it. It kinda feels like I'm recharging. I often do it *after* I've had a very long day and I'm very tired - especially if I've had to interact with a lot of people that day, it really, really drains me. 

Can anyone explain this? Is it a bad habit I've gotten myself into or is this sort of common? I find it hard to explain to my girlfriend how I can 'hold it in' if I were seeing my friends or in a situation where I have to be sociable, and then 20 mins later I'll mutter under my breath and swear out loud or just feel so totally exhausted and just want to keep to myself for a while.

I'd really appreciate any insight anyone had into the way I'm feeling and what I've experienced. Thanks very much! Swearing and mutteringHi guys,
Sorry if this is a stupid question. I am in California and just got off my parents healthcare in anther state and I want to set up a doctors appointment to get some medication for my persistent anxiety. I have no idea where to even start. Do I look for a general doctor or a psychiatrist? Do I just call and ask to become a client?
Thanks!New to adulting, need to set up a doctors appointmentFor a good portion of my life I've struggled with severe anxiety and depression and PTSD due to some childhood trauma (all of which were diagnosed by a clinical psychologist) 

High school was hell, after some 'friends' of mine fucked with my head constantly, back stabbed me numerous times and spread some nasty rumors, this doesn't include things going on in my romantic relationship and things going on at home. I've had a small circle of friends and aquaintences, but none that I really hang out with or talk to on a regular basis because most of them are at college now and have a new group of friends (I'm taking a year off to save money). 

I want to know how you guys counter social anxiety and don't let it get in the way of your social life. I do find i brought this upon myself in a way because I'm always afraid to initiate making plans because I have an intense fear of rejection. My meds only do so much, any advice is appreciated Tips For Overcoming Social Anxiety?I made a lot of progress overcoming anxiety throughout college, and thought I was in a great place when I graduated in June. 

Four months, later and I feel like I'm at square one, rock bottom, and sinking. I feel myself slipping back to places I haven't been since high school, I don't see a way out.

"Rationally," I know that most of what I'm experiencing is "normal." Emotional/ financial stress from being under employed, interning 50-60 hours a week for no pay, and struggling to find full time work in my field. But this doesn't stop me from feeling worthless, ashamed, and like a failure. It is ruining my relationship with my boyfriend of 2 years, and I'm worried my emotional state is dragging him down.

Where do you go when the only way out is productivity, but you're too anxious/ depressed to be productive anymore? I'm at a total loss. anxiety/ depression after graduating from CollegeMy mom told me that the therapist she's going to take me to is booked and the time she'll have to speak with me in two weeks. I don't know if I'll be able to handle waiting two weeks. I get so easily overwhelmed and stressed out and I've been so impatient and hasty. I don't know what to do I don't think I'll be able to handle it [Advice Needed]Hi,

The last week I've been having anxiety attacks (at least that's what I think they are) for the first time ever. I had a few this week during classes in college. What happens is I become really aware of my breathing and heart rate and notice every little thing like a feeling in my neck (is that my artery??) or in my head (is this a stroke??) and other ridiculous things like that, which I know sounds ridiculous but at the time it really scares me. Next thing I know I'm breathing faster and faster and I start to feel dizzy/lightheaded. So I try to slow down my breathing and that makes me feel even more dizzy/lightheaded. It got so bad one time this week that I was sitting in my seat with my heart beating out of my chest, like I had just been sprinting. I am a healthy guy, I work out 3 times a week, eat right etc. so I'm 99% sure the problems are all in my head.

I've been trying to figure out what brought this in and I think it might be stress or change. I'm single for the first time in 5 years, and I'm also quite stressed in college this year, but not more so than usual.

I don't know how to stop over thinking and ending up having another attack. I've had to leave class now a few times because of this. I'm not anxious at all in social situations and I don't feel anxious in big lecture halls or anything like that, the issue just seems to be I can't silence my mind and I end up over thinking everything that's happening in my body.

I'm going to go to the doctor next week for peace of mind but I thought I'd just post here to look for some advice on what I can do to try stop this. I'm pretty sure this is some kind of health anxiety, and I've had symptoms before in my life but not nearly as bad as this.

Thanks.Anxiety attacks for first time in life.I'm a 16 year old junior in high school. I'd say I have a decent amount of friends and I talk to all of the "popular" people in my classes. The problem I have is interacting with people, even my friends. I'll see a group of people who I talk to all the time but I can't approach them. Because of this I always get bad anxiety before any time I have to talk to people. There's this girl who I talk to on snapchat every day, we have a 180 day streak. I am really close to her but it's hard to even say hi when I pass her in the hallway. Today is the homecoming game at my school and everyone asks me if I'm going. I've been spending all day thinking of excuses because I can't handle the thought of finding somebody to sit next to at the game. In the 3 years of being in high school I haven't been to a single football game even though I would really like to go.

Any advice on getting over this?Just needing some advice or people to talk to16, Male

Alright, I'll start differently for this one. Please don't waste your time commenting if you're just gonna say "Do you take meds?", "You really need help for your OCD" or anything on the lines of that. It's annoying. I might seem like that kind of person that worries 24/7 but this Reddit account is misleading, as it is an alt I made specifically for this kind of stuff. It's a throwaway account. I already go to CBT if you're wondering.

This worry started in early September and lasted for about a week at first. I wasn't refraining from doing anything, I was just telling myself that it was normal. Four weeks ago, however, this worry came back when I started to worry about having an upside-down pentagram on my Steam profile. A coincidence occurred and I started to stop listening to certain songs and playing certain games because I was worried that the pentagram was causing things. I couldn't take the pentagram off my profile as I feared doing so would anger demons or whatever. Anyways, I was worrying about nocebo effects at the same time and feared that bad psychosomatic effects, nocebo effects, self-fulfilling prophecies or whatever would happen even if there wasn't an actual problem with any of those songs or games. This worry came up around the same time of the others, making me avoid those songs and games even more.

I managed to get back into GTA V as it was one of the only games that I hadn't worried about. I played it for several days and my mood improved. After returning from CBT, however, I noticed a group of bikers on the road. These bikers already had me worrying as the smell of their tires burning rubber was already unpleasant. GTA V had a recent biker DLC though and I worried about this being a sign to stop playing the game. I went to play the game but I started getting aches, making me want to stop playing the game. A similar thing happened when I tried to do something else I had stopped doing for a bit. I was going to play the game the next day but another coincidence happened, related to the game, and I worried that it was another sign to stop playing the game. I then noticed another coincidence not long after that so I just decided to not play the game.

I've been thinking about the game constantly for 8 days now, and I've been obsessed with playing it again and rationalizing with these worries at the same time as well. I worry that I can't do any of these things again without experiencing nocebo effects or whatever as I've already refrained from doing a lot of things for nearly a month now. I just want to go back to playing the games I want to play and all that. These coincidences, or synchronicities as some people call them, have been overwhelming me and I just wanna do the stuff I enjoy again without experiencing any bad effects as a result of fuelling these worries too much and for too long. I know I overthink things too much but I just really want to get back to the stuff I was doing.

Please help me out with this. Thank you, and have a nice day. ;)Stopped playing games for 4 weeks due to coincidences, want to play them againMade a mistake last night. My husband (who is suffering from depression) asked if I was OK because I was quiet. Instead of keeping it bottles up and maintaining the somewhat normalcy in my life, I spilled my guts. Work is stressful, finances are stressful, life is stressful, I CANT TAKE IT! 

Today he's depressed even more and took it as he is the problem. Hooray. More stress. AAAHHHH!!!Bottling it all upSo I don't actually have panic attacks anymore, but I still have a lot of the bad feelings that come along with them, just without the "explosion" at the end. Usually I can identify what is triggering it, remind myself its anxiety, and it goes away. One sensation that I still have a hard time with though and can mess me up for a whole week is when I get a sudden rush of anxiety for no reason. I'll usually just be sitting around watching tv and I'll get this weird sensation that something is off physically inside my head and it really freaks me out. It's very hard to describe. The thoughts that come after are "something must be wired wrong in my brain and it's going to eventually kill me". I mean, I haven't really had any symptoms for the past 4 months due to being very busy, so I'm assuming if it was something serious I would notice it more frequently especially after having panic disorder for about 3 years now, been when I'm in the moment all that rational thinking goes out the window. Does anyone else have anything like this?Weird sensation from panic disorder.Hi! I've struggled with anxiety for what seems like forever. I have been in three accidents (one was my fault) since I was 17 (now 23). Driving in congested cities gives me extreme anxiety because I feel that people drive so much more reckless. The worst part is the anticipation leading up to when I'm supposed to leave. I've cancelled so many plans and cool opportunities because I'm anxious to drive into any big city. 

If you deal with something similar, how do you cope or get yourself through it? 

Thanks!Anxiety driving into congested citiesI'm experiencing this just now. I sent a message, and every time I read it I pat myself on the back at how not fucking stupid it is, a rarity in my life. Every time I look away my mind builds up a fake representation of this message in my mind, about how it's going to make the person hate me and ruin my life. I almost even deleted it. I just looked at it again and it's really lacking the autism that normally spills out, pat on the back. Look away again and OH SHIT DUDE YOU'RE FUCKED. The instant I stop putting my full attention into a situation, my mind starts building up its fake importance and fake problems.I'm 27 years old and a while ago I moved back in with my mum due to financial reasons. I've had anxiety for as long as I remember -- as a child I had selective mutism and it continued from there. I find it difficult to speak up in group situations and I feel trapped if I'm expected to interact with strangers on a regular basis. I also overthink my problems and worry too much about worse case scenarios. It's something that disrupts my life and I've recently been seeing a cognitive behavioural therapist to try and tackle this.

Recently, I started a new office job after working from home for a year. I thought I'd prepared myself for it, but it was a lot more daunting than I thought it would be. I felt very suffocated being around so many people, plus the amount of hours they wanted me to work really overwhelmed me (14 hour shifts). I ended up having an anxiety attack and burst into tears on my second day. After that I went to see my doctor who signed me off for a few days. I decided to email my new employer and tell him I couldn't continue (as he would have most likely dismissed me anyway). I wasn't sleeping at that point either.

My issue is my mother. When I told her about my anxiety attack, she flipped out and started shouting at me calling me a "little bitch" etc. She said that if I quit, she'd kick me out. I tried to explain about my anxiety but she called me a liar. It really surprises me because she's been through a lot of mental health issues herself in the past few years, including severe depression. But she's always been a workaholic and she keeps saying she doesn't understand me and she hates lazy people. But I don't think she's ever had anxiety like I have.

I just don't know how to speak to her. She hates talking about mental health and whenever I bring it up, she starts raising her voice and saying she doesn't want to hear it. So now I've been lying to her all this time, saying that I've been going to work when I have actually been going to therapy. I really hate lying to her. I wish I could move out so I don't have to deal with her but without a job I can't afford to. I've been trying to look for a less stressful job but my therapist is telling me to wait until I feel less anxious.
My mother is so ignorant about my mental health issuesIm a 22 year old african american male and im currently trying to combat my social anxiety. To put it bluntly, I was bullied damn near my entire years of middle school and highschool. I guess for being different,quiet etc. Iv'e also been backstabbed by people who I thought were my friends numerous times in school. This contributed to me withdrawing and isolating myself and eventually developing SA and trust issues amongst people. Sometimes I really think Im different and that theirs no light at the end of this dark tunnel. I recently went to a therapist who I instantly clicked with and I would say hes kind of helping me get through SA. He told me that overcoming it is a very long, tedious battle. I want to know what do you guys think? Does overcoming it really take that long? and can you guys give me any tips? I want to overcome this and be able to be myself around my family,friends, and people in general! I will greatly appreciate it.Looking to Beat this Social Anxiety, Once and for all!I've had anxiety attacks since I can remember. There are no particular reason why I have them, I just have instants where my brain thinks it's in danger and keeps on making anxiety thoughts out of the blue. Today I was feeling cold it made me think I was dying, wtf? I know it doesn't make senseDoes anyone here feel anxious without a reason?Hello there everyone, longtime lurker here but first time poster.

So recently, I got a new job in hospitality (Not really the greatest job for someone with anxiety issues but times are tough) and the a few days ago I had my first training day. 

The night before my first training day, I went for a walk due to the fact that the old adrenaline was pumping and I was needing a way to get rid of it. soon after setting off, my chest became tight and my breathing became laboured, I was honestly struggling to fill my lungs with air and my heart was pumping something fierce.

Needless to say, I didn't sleep well that night at all. But the training went pretty well for a first day. 

Ever since that day though, my anxiety has remained constant and it's making me more depressed as time goes on. The anticipation of working in a hotel is killing me.  

Would it be a good idea to go the the Doctors now? I'm just not quite sure where to go from here now and I'm getting tired of feeling anxious/depressed all the time.

Sorry for the long post, I just really needed to vent, I've never talked to anyone about my anxiety before, not even my closest friends/parents know.I experienced my first anxiety attack a few days ago. Now i'm feeling anxious/nervous all the time.I'm always aware of any feelings I have in my chest. Twitches, tightness and just any weird feelings. I also have to crack my chest quite often in the same way you would crack your fingers I think this is due to me being constantly tense in this area. Anyone else have this?

I should add that my anxiety is mostly health anxiety and worrying about my heart.Hyper aware of Chest?I recently started identifying my inner voice as a source of my anxiety. Amplified by my ADHD, very loud and non sequitur thoughts  often interrupt and distract me from the moment. I feel like it affects my social interactions and my ability to perform various tasks.

I'm sure this question has been answered many times before, but what are some methods to quieting the inner voice?Methods of Quieting my inner monolog?Me and my boyfriend have been dating for over a year but I'm still so anxious about meeting his friends. I have only met his roommates and they are out most of the time. I'm so afraid that I will say something wrong or not talk at all and they will think I'm just the weird silent girl. I'm 19, they are all seniors in college which intimidates me. I'm short and look young for my age it makes me already feel like I don't belong with them. I told my boyfriend I would go out with him and his friends tonight but I've been crying since this morning. I feel terrible and feel even worse about him having to cancel on his friends every time we try to hang out with them because I'm too anxious. I want to meet them and be able to hang out with them like normal couples do but every time I completely shut down and have a panic attack. I'm so discouraged and angry at myself I don't know what to do, any advice?Too anxious to meet boyfriend's friendsMy allergies have been a problem since I was a child, and my anxiety has been around for a year or so. Lately, every morning when I wake up my allergies kill me. The only time they don't is if I sleep in way too long. 
Allergy medicine doesn't help, and I also have other weird things such as sneezing when I smell something too strong or taste something too strong such as gum or pop. Allergies in the morning caused by anxiety?Hello. I've made a post before about my issues with anxiety but I thought I'd remake one because I decided to take action upon this problem.

THE PROBLEM:
I'm 20 years old, university student in a Pre School Education degree that requires a lot of presentations, theatrical acts and musical performances in front of people. Up to this point I managed to get away from doing any of those, something that has put me a semester behind my regular course flow. 
It all started 3.5-4 years ago when I had my firist ever panic attack while reading out loud in my highschool classroom. It happened a few times after that as well, to the point where I gave up reading and anything that had to do with me speaking in public. So let's say now I've never even read anything in front of people for all those years. 

Now I have to do presentations, a lot of them, this semester. I probably have one in 2 weeks and I can't sleep properly, I wake up from anxiety, I think about it and I get anxious ALL DAY, my throat feels weird, I burn from inside, I feel like puking. Everything terrible you could imagine.  And it's not because I'm afrain of the people, at least not the main cause, it's because I'm afraid I'll have a panic attack IN FRONT of those people. I'm afraid of my anxiety showing and it kills me. 

ACTION:
After reading all those people suffering from the same thing going to TOASTMASTERS I did a research and saw that one of those teams exist in my city! I messaged them, explained my problems, and they gave me hope that people that have had the same thing as me after a lot of work managed to overcome it. So I'm going to their next meet up in November to see what it's like and subscribe to them. 

Also, I found that my uni has free psychologist support and a support group of students that go through psychological problems. I will call them first thing Monday morning to arrange my first session and hopefully they'll let me go to the support group, because I think it will help me. 

MEDICATION:
I've  never had taken any medication before, but last night I had the worst anxiety ever, couldn't sleep, felt like shit. So my sister gave me an atarax which actually helped me a lot but also made me sleepy. My heart wasn't beating fast anymore! Is anyone taking or has taken atarax before to give me some advice about it? How often should I take it, and is it possible that taking one before a presentation could help my anxiety be less noticeable? Please help!



Sorry for the huge text, but I needed to get it out of my chest. I can't live like this anymore, I feel like I'm losing myself and my life. I want to be anxiety free and myself in every occassion no matter how hard it is. And I think that dealing with this issue would be the start of it, it's the only thing right now that makes my life  miserable when it would be totally perfect and simple for me if I didn't have anxiety.Public Speaking Anxiety and Panic attacksI am at the end of 3rd week of college, and this is my second year. I had a gap year before that. Most people I used to know either left or formed up their own cliques. I've met a ton of different people that's for sure, but I never go out with any of them. I always interact with them in class or on campus, and it usually goes well, but it always feels like I am being left out. It feels like I am unable to approach them on a personal level. It feels like they will forever be nothing more than mere acquaintances.

I wanted to ask this girl out, but my anxiety prevented me from doing that. I think she thinks that I am not interested anymore. Either that or she lost interest herself since I never made a move. I might have also read her signs wrong and she might not have been interested in the first place. I honestly don't know. I always doubt myself. I am never confident in anything. Whatever I am doing, even if it is something I am really good at, I have this doubt at the back of my mind. It's always there, and it makes me nervous. 

I am so afraid that I will go back to the state I was in during my freshman year. Which was basically isolating myself in my room all day playing video games and avoiding people. That is not who I want to be. I just don't have anyone to hang out with. I only interact with people during classes. Now I know some people might say things like "enjoy your own company etc etc" but honestly I am sick of my own company! I've been like this my whole life and I can't for the life of me break free. I've grown really, REALLY weary of life.

:(Weekends are unbearableCouple days ago I had a horrible dream/nightmare that has been bothering me for the last couple of days. It's been hard to overcome my fears of embarrassment and post it, but I finally had the strength to share it with you. The nightmare was an incestuous nightmare with my mother and had children. It was absolutely horrible to me when I woke up and I had a panic attack after it. I've never had history of abuse, incest and nor does my relations have anything to do with wrong sexual contact. I wanted to share this with you as it has been disturbing me greatly the past couple of days.

Kind regards,

-FinHorrible Nightmare that's been bothering me latelyI'm going to a large party where I will only know a couple of people, and even then I don't know them that well. Does anyone have any tips for beating social anxiety?I wanted to share because I find myself so interesting I guess. I have social anxiety but I'm observant and smart enough to know how to act in social and most situations. People will see me and be surprised I have problems keeping friends or talking to people. And I know that kind of behavior isn't necessarily the norm for most anxiety sufferers. Anyone act similar? what my anxiety is likeI keep coughing and I can't leave this room. I don't know what to do.I'm too afraid to go outside and there is fungus inside, is there a service that can send me stuff to help?This is something I've struggled with pretty much forever, but it's gotten pretty bad recently.

Yesterday, one of my friends, we'll call him Ted, got in a huge fight with me and two of my friends. There was a lot of screaming, storming out, and after Ted left, tears between us three.

Today, I talked to Ted about possibly apologizing and making up with my other two friends, and he pretty much said absolutely not. While everyone, even people outside of the situation, have agreed that Ted was in the wrong, I cant shake the feeling that I caused this mess. I've been a wreck all day because of this and am not talking to Ted, even though I feel that isn't the right thing to do, simply because he doesn't seem to want to listen to us.

Does anyone have any tips for shaking these feelings? I keep feeling like crying and I've had a lot of bad, strong thoughts cross my mind since the whole incident happened.Can't get over the feeling that everything's my faultI recently took the initiative to tell my doctor i needed help.  I was trying to put it into words why i have always been afraid to get help, but i could not. 

What internal demons kept you from reaching out?What made you afraid to get help?hey my fellow awkward folk. i thought id post a funny thing for everyone who needs a half smile.. my thoughts upon seeing this were "i hear ya, kid. i hear ya."Since April of this year I have experienced muscle twitching throughout my body. It started in either my left or right hand as a noticeable tremor in my ring finger and thumb. That eventually went away, but be replaced by random fasciculations (twitching) in random areas of my shoulders, arms, back, legs, and even *in my ribs?!*. 

Sometimes at night, if I wake up to pee or something, I can feel my muscles in my face fucking *vibrating*. I am terrified, almost every day is a nightmare. I feel as though the sword of Damocles is hanging over my head. Only it bears a different name; ALS, or MS.

However, I am self aware enough to know I am an extremely anxious person. I fear meeting new people, I tense up in crowds, I am not myself with anyone unless I have had a few drinks. I am also going through a divorce that I know I caused throw my deeds stemming from PTSD. The divorce is amicable, however. Hell I still have movie nights with my ex-wife and her girlfriend. We are all good friends and I have made my peace with that nearly a year ago.

I am also stuck in a job I fucking hate with an hour long drive each way and am going to college full time and am trying to support my three kids from the aforementioned divorce. So it would make sense to me, logically, to conclude that these muscle twitches are resultant of deep rooted PTSD from Afghanistan, anxiety over the divorce and my job, stress from money due to child support, and generalized anxiety because, well, I think I just am at this point.

 I was not always like this though, I used to be someone entirely different before I enlist. I don't know. I don't know what the *fuck* to do. Writing helps, I am realizing. Writing this wall of text is the most relaxed I have been in a week...

But the fear of ALS or some other disease is driving me insane. These muscle twitches instill existential fear within me. I keep having images in my head of my atrohpied body wasting away, so weak that I am unable to speak, as my confused babies embrace me. And me there, unable ot even tell them I love them and to tell them goodbye.

I can't fucking doing this. This fear of death is so bad it nearly drives me to suicide. Which is terribly ironic. I want to be happy. I want to stop twitching. I want to live. But this fear has become fundamental to who I am today.

Please... please, help me. muscle twitching - am i dying?Hi,
I had GAD 4 years ago and treated it with medicines. Now I am off them and feel better so far. But little scared if this relapses again in future especially during pregnancy. Such medicines during pregnancy raise birth defects. 
I have a question here- 1) can a woman who earlier had GAD symptoms, better handle pregnancy? 
2) What if such conditions relapse during this time ? Then without antidepressants how to cope up? 
3) Can a woman with past GAD ever think of being pregnant?
Please advise. 
Thanks.Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and Pregnancy. How dangerous this combination is ?What are your suggestions for constant teeth clenching and muscle tension?Chronic Teeth clenchingI think about it every day. It distracts me at work and I can never fully enjoy the time I have with him because I'm constantly thinking "what if our time is running out". 

It's also affecting my happiness for his achievements. When he got a car and decided to start trying to get his license, I cried because now I have to worry about car accidents (despite the fact that he could be in one as a passenger as well). He just got a job interview for a tech position at this performing arts center that is connected to our old high school. I was happy for him, but my first thought was "what if he falls off the catwalk above the theater" (it's very high, I've worked on it before). I also thought "what if there's a shooting/bombing at the school and he's caught up in it because they're connected". Totally fucking irrational, but I'm still paranoid. What an awful way to live. What sucks is that the only thing I can do is hope that I die first, which also isn't ideal since I have horrible death anxiety. Such is life I guess.Constantly horrible feeling that something will happen to my boyfriendOK, so I was dating this wonderful girl who happens to be diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Because of her condition, everything was running way slower than I'm used to, but I don't have much of a problem with that because I really like the girl.

But then, suddenly, she started ignoring me (she replied hours late with a simple "haha" or "cool"). I stopped texting her for two days to see if she was tired or busy, but she didn't text back. I asked her about it and she said she was having a difficult time and that she didn't feel like talking.

The point is, we are already very open to each other and we have already shared some pretty deep and personal stuff. So, I'm pretty sure that the thing that is going around her head is related to me in some way, but I don't know what did I do wrong. Even when she was feeling miserable, she used to call me crying to look for support and help. I have stopped calling or texting her for two weeks and I don't get any message back. What should I do?my date has GAD and asked me for space, but it's been a while nowHey guys,
So I've been dealing with anxiety for 16 years now and it's generally pretty cyclical. I'll be more or less normal for several months, and then out of nowhere I fall into a state of constant anxiety for weeks or even months at a time. I've gotten pretty good at handling it, but this time around it's really been kicking my ass. 

I've had really bad stomachaches all day, every day for like a month now, and it's getting to the point where I don't even want to eat anymore. I'm starting to get really fed up with it because I know for a fact it's all in my head, but it feels like there's nothing I can do to help myself.

Does anyone have any tips or tricks that they use to overcome anxiety nausea, or even just anxiety in general? I need a lot of extra help to get out of this rut. Thanks y'all!DAE have constant nausea?Need help calming down, town has chemical leak.I currently had to move in with my parents due to being bipolar, losing my job from it, so i've not being able to pay my bills. The problem is, my mother is very similar to me as she suffers from depression and is also bipolar which makes it very hard for both of us to live with each other. She broke her leg about a week ago and is having a hard time doing anything, I help her out as well as my dad who has currently started working at home till she is back on her feet. Being bipolar and also depressed, it hurts me so much and spikes my anxiety through the roof that im having shakes, havent had a bit to eat in 2 days and didn't sleep last night. My mom also has many health problems including Ulcerative colitis so that even more to the problems. Now it gets even worse, her dad dies monday and his funeral is this sunday, she's handling really good considering her dad died, we all saw it coming many months in advance, so she isn't as torn up as i thought she would be. I'm more than willing to help my mom out but it's just i'm overwhelmed with emotion, i cant stand hearing her moaning trying to get around, i feel so bad for her, it brings me to tears. My dad basically wants me to stay around for several months to help out, but im literally about to just check in to a mental hospital. i cant handle these kind of situations, my dad knows even though im 22, i dont have a car, or friends (that arent busy), so he knows i cant go anywhere. it's just been two weeks of trying to keep myself together but im losing it, i have brothers and sisters that could help but my dad says (you cant get your act together, so you might as well just stay here and help out) i dont mind helping but im literally emotionally drained and unstable. idk what to do. I'm sorry if this doesnt make much sense and for typos or if im not clear enough. i havent had sleep and im crying right now, idk what to do but vent, somebody please for Gods sake give me a suggestion, i feel like i could have a heart attack from all this stress im having.Mom's sick and her dad just died and im overwhelmed emotionally, idk what i should do, helpI wanted to start a thread that shares some of our accomplishments. 

Are you doing things right now, or are planning to do, that scare you but you are doing anyway? 

1. Doing a side-cut. I'm scared of cutting my hair short and have not changed my haircut since age 9. 
2. Planning a trip to another province to live for a month with a host family. While I travel internationally every year, I have never travelled alone. 
3. Booking to extract my wisdom teeth. I'm intensely afraid of dental treatment.What are 3 things that scare you? but that you are doing anyway?Reading and hearing about other people going to the doctor helps, if  in detail with all the various instruments used in a check up, but I cannot find anything:(
And does anyone else find this helpful to do? Anxious about doctor appointmentsThis happens a lot and I don't do it on purpose. It makes me incredibly anxious and makes me feel really bad and i don't know what to do. [Advice Needed] How do you deal with hearing/seeing/reading something you didn't want to readI recently began hanging around some new people, and I was really proud of myself. As time goes on though, I'm worried that i'm forcing myself on them. 

How are you able to tell if someone really enjoys your company? This whole situation has been keeping me up at night, preventing me from eating. I don't want to bother anyone, but i've been having a really good time. they haven't asked me to go with them in a few days and I'm taking this as a form of rejection. Should I initiate, or leave them alone? I always feel like i'm bothering people.I've had mild to moderate depression for a few months and in August my anxiety just spiraled out of control. Constant fear of passing out and embarrassing myself from a panic attack. Can't focus. Extreme fear if almost everything. So naturally my body ran out of energy and now I have depression along with the anxiety. Barely hungry, only getting 4-5 hours of sleep each night feel like I'm losing my mind. Does this sound like mania or just severe anxiety? I only ask because it always follows this pattern. When something changes in my life ( new job, husband deploys, etc) it starts acting up. Help! Is this mania or just anxiety and depression?Warning: Long Post

A year ago I was playing soccer with some friends and got smashed in the head with the ball. This gave me a concussion, my first diagnosed one and at least my third. Looking back at my childhood I know I've had at least 2 and just never went to the doctors. After my concussion is really the start of my anxiety getting to it's worse. I was suicidal for the first two weeks, thank god that went away. But I was also noticeably more irritable for a while as well. I had very noticeable concussion symptoms for about a month. 
Fast forward to this week. I am a student, and I've been having a hard time focusing on my readings. Ill read an entire page and not be able to remember what the fuck it was that I had just read. So I went to the doctor to talk about some options and try to figure out if this had to do with my concussion. 
What the doctor told me was kind of surprising. She asked me about a history of anxiety in my family, and she asked me if I had been experiencing higher levels of anxiety after my concussion since we last talked, which I've had. I had to quit my job as a server because of my anxiety. I was getting physically ill before work from it. Before jumping to conclusions she gave me 2 surveys to fill out the morning of our next visit in a week. I googled both of them and they are both mental health surveys. One is the GAD-7 and just scrolling through, I would check off almost all of them.... So I'm pretty sure I'm going to be diagnosed with general anxiety disorder next week. Which I've thought about talking to a doctor about as well, but I was never brave enough to tell someone about how ridiculous my anxiety is. I get worried over nothing, and I know its nothing, so I get anxiety about my anxiety lol.

ANYWAYS, I'm pretty sure the doctor thinks that an anti-anxiety medication is gonna be what helps me focus the most. So I want to hear from anyone who may have been in a similar situation? Did medication help your attention problems? 
Thanks to anyone who has read all this. This shit is hard to talk about with other people sometimes, I love this sub. You guys understand. I'm happy I'm finally getting help, but I never expected it to be because of my school. Attention Problems with Anxiety (Kind of long post)Long story short, I'm in a new job that wasn't was promised through the job posting and interview process. I'm now having pre-work panic attacks almost daily. My supervisor isn't helpful as they are part of the problem.

Like many people these days, I am unable to just quit due to financial reasons. What has worked for you to overcome something like this? I'm looking for anything that will get me through the day (any day), or confidence on how to talk about this experience in future job interviews. Or, how did you know when enough at your job was enough.

Any help or stories are appreciated.Has anyone had work-related panic attacks before? How did you work to overcome them- both long and short term?Double posted in r/gay. I had a hookup about 2 weeks ago and I'm horrified with the idea that i might've caught HIV. It was just oral with minimal precum and he said he was neg, which means the odds are quite low but i'm still horrified- its all I can think about. I do have some symptoms, but they could be attributed to other things I suppose. Any advice? Support? Rationalizing? I'm accepting and living as if I'm HIV+ until I get tested and proved otherwise.  HIV ScareI'm at a beach town in a foreign country alone on vacation. I thought I'd be able to handle traveling alone but it has been extremely painful so far.

I took a taxi to my hotel and gave my passport to the host as are the rules of staying in an Airbnb. She found something wrong with my passport and basically said I might have to pay a huge fine because of it. I freaked out on the inside but tried to remain collected on the outside. After calling my boss, telling him the situation and finding out she was wrong about my passport, we cleared it up and she left. 

But now I feel like it is completely awkward and I don't want to show my face here. I feel like leaving immediately and going back home. I have a huge headache from not eating.  

There are two British women sitting directly outside my room chatting. So if I leave my room, I will have to see and speak to them. And getting food here is terrifying because I will have to either dine alone at a restaurant or buy snacks from the corner shops and eat in my room. I can call and order something from the Airbnb food menu but then I'd have to speak to the owner again. 

I know anyone else could easily strike up a friendship with the two women outside my room. I feel so childish for having these social limitations. It's like I never grew out of my childhood shyness. 

I had just spent a week with a girl at my previous Airbnb who is extremely outgoing, talkative, and down to earth. I witnessed her spot people she didn't know and with no hesitation go up to them and introduce herself. Meanwhile, I make a beeline to my room and pretend I didn't see them. 

I'm a grown ass woman and I am too scared to leave my room for fear of stranger interaction. I'm in my hotel room, i haven't eaten in 7 hours and i'm too nervous to leave and go get foodMade an account for this since I really need help or guidance or someone to talk to or anything really.

It's a complicated situation but the gist is that I have no one to really talk to and I feel really alone. Like I'm constantly stuck in my head. I really don't know where to begin but I need to get it out.

I've struggled with anxiety my whole life. In more recent years, it's led down a dark path to depression. Anxiety is a huge thing when it comes to making friends and actually talking to people. I've really only had a few friends over the course of my life, and even then they were more or less just "more friendly acquaintances." Having someone accept me for who I am and give a shit about me is really big when it happens. And because of that I guess I have a habit of latching onto people that actually care. That's where this really begins I guess.

I met my current girlfriend of 3 years at a very dark place in my life. It was the start to my sophomore year of college in Fairbanks, AK and I was struggling hard. My parents had a stranglehold on my education (constantly looking at my grades, hardcore pressuring me to do better, etc) and the seasons in Alaska are possibly some of the worst on earth for mental health. It was bitterly cold, there was only sunlight for a few hours a day, and it was taking a massive toll on me. I started drinking as a way to numb myself and stop the panic attacks that I was having. It was a bit of a downward spiral. Feeling good after a beer or two  quickly turned into waking up and drinking, keeping a bottle of vodka in my car (I'm not proud), and essentially being somewhat drunk every moment I was awake.

My girlfriend had no idea. Still doesn't, in fact. But regardless at that time it was amazing for me that she cared. She was genuinely interested in me and that's all that mattered in the world. She didn't care that I had problems with talking to people, or that I stumbled over words and my sentences were a little choppy, she just accepted me for me.

After an unfortunate incident I turned things around and stopped drinking, instead I just hung out with her all the time. I felt good again, and never wanted it to stop. So of course (what I realize now) I used her as a crutch for my own insecurities. We started doing everything together and I moved in with her after dating for about 5 months. Everything was perfect.

Flash forward to 3 years later (now) and she and I have moved all the way from Alaska to Washington together. But a while ago after a couple of incidents she and I are "taking a breather" of sorts.

We're still together and talking and such, so this isn't about breaking up or anything. Where she works, most of her coworkers are around her own age. She's been hanging out with them almost every other night and it's been really good for her I guess, but I get stuck at home in an empty apartment with nothing but my thoughts.

However, I don't have any friends at the moment. My coworkers are all much older than me. The youngest is about 34, and I'm only 23. We have literally nothing in common. I've tried really hard to relate and step out of my comfort zone to make friends but it hasn't worked and really only highlights the differences.

I just want someone to talk to. Or, god forbid, even make friends with and hang out sometime. With all the stress of moving and money and changes I just really need someone to vent to and be a companion, a friend. It's frustrating too because my girlfriend is literally the only person I have right now and she's been at her friend's house more than she's been at our own for the last few weeks. Still though I want to respect boundaries and not smother her, but I still desperately need to talk to someone.

So everytime I do get to talk to her (every couple of days) it's always brief and I really want to talk about things but I don't want to be clingy or annoying. And when she hangs out with friends it's always overnight and I get frustrated even though I know I shouldn't be because it's like she's choosing them over me even though I know she's not. It's so conflicting and I've been feeling so down and stressed out and incredibly alone. It's killing me but I don't know what to do. I feel like I did ages ago and I really want to drink because I keep thinking I might feel happy again, but i really don't want to do that. I just feel more alone than I ever have and I can't make it stop

I can't really think of anything else to put into words. I hope whoever reads this does't think I'm being crazy or something.

Thanks to anyone who actually managed to get through that

EDIT- I don't know if this is even in the right place, could someone let me know if it isn't?Feeling really alone and can't talk to anyoneBefore bed and when I wake up in the morning I have a terrible habit of overwhelming myself with a lot of things. Are there any suggestions on how to not worry so much before bed/waking up?Easily overwhelmedHi, I took Paxil 20mg for the first time for my anxiety/depression. I have only taken 1 so far, and I cannot sleep, I cannot relax, having trouble swallowing, and feel more like I am having a mania... should I stop taking this?Paxil questionHi!

Im an 27yrs old man who got sick when i was 23 and had just started studying.
I will just start with saying that im currently diagnosed with ptsd, depression and anxiety.

I have been trying to get better for over 5 years now and im not getting anywhere. Been to therapy for 4 years now. I have a lovely girlfriend who supports me trough this shitt but im not able to function like this anymore. Living with my girlfriend is kinda like hell but that's just cause of my anxiety. Im unemployd atm and i wake up with here in the morning and i just want here out of the house so i can be alone. 

But when she is at work im worrying that she will soon be home again. This is where its so fucked. I love this girl and want to marry here but i hate being around people so mutch. 

I don't know what trigges me with this situation but i suspect its from when i was a child. The only safespace was alone in my room for many years. 

I liked being social up to the point when i started studying. I was class leader for several years and was socialy active.

I have been trying to understand how i can change this negative feeling i get when im around people and even my girlfriend but it seems to only get worse. When she gets home from work im just waiting for the night so i can have a few hours by my selfe. I can't live like this but i don't wanna leave my girl cause of my own head.

I love my computer and that has always been my safespace. But there is no way in hell im sitting on my computer while she is here. Im just filled with anxiety when im on my computer and she is here. It don't make any sense but this has also been like this all my life. My mother told me that whenever she entered my room i would let go of the mouse and keyboard.

Is this also an safety mechanism that i have learned when i was a child and it's still with me?

These things make everyday life fucking horrible. I have started to make plans on how to leave the love of my life since i am not able to function when im with here...

This won't work. The pain will kill me if i do this but im afraid of losing my mind if i keep going.

I'm the only one who can change this and i know. I need to be comfortable in my own skin and love myselfe before i can love anyone else. The sad part is that i would be mutch happier alone but if i leave now i know i won't be able to function. I can't controll my head so the thoughts of here finding someone that is 120% better than me at life and that sucks!

So, is there anyone who can relate and know some tips?
Cannabis made my life 100% better when i was studying but since it's illegal and im trying to live my life with an a4 person i can't do that right now.

My native language is not english so im sorry for the bad text!
Not able to function in an relationshipI often get cold chills throughout my body when I'm nervous, like giving a persentaion or interview, and when I get angry, for example, a colleague of mine compared me with a bad person for being rude, I goto angry because he was mistaken. Can you please help me on how to overcome this?Please Help! Cold chills while angry or nervous, how to overcome?I feel like I'll never find love due to my anxiety   I posted something here the other day that people seemed to connect with, and it made me feel pretty good and relieved (posting something is so much harder for me than it should be). So I figured I'd start recording my thoughts more often.

Here's the depressing transcript of my thoughts when I think about the concept of liking myself. I have nobody to ask me, and nobody I want to talk to, so I'll just ask myself and talk to reddit. That's what we do, right?

Do I like myself? I don't even know how to begin to answer that. I like myself in some hypothetical sense, where I like the person I should be capable of becoming. Every time I'm with someone the scene plays out in my head, where I do or say exactly what I want to do, where I'll tell the joke on my mind or do something that makes everyone laugh and think I'm awesome. I love the guy that does those things more than anything. But I can never achieve that, I can never reach that basic goal I set for myself, and so that guy simply fails to exist. He is a figment of my imagination because I consistently fail to summon him into this world. Sometimes he leaks through when I drink one too many, and everyone else gets to love him too, at least for a few hours. That gives me a little hope. But other than those few occasions, I'm just in hiding, in constant fear of my own awkwardness. 

And so I am left in a state of perpetual disappointment, where every action I take is a decayed, broken fraction of the one I long to take. It's a world where every failed action just strengthens the bars of my mental cage, in which I am my own captor, torturing myself with poisonous labels like 'coward' and 'weirdo'. Why don't I have what it takes to do this, to say that, to be brave? That question haunts me every day. It should be easy, right? Just man up and do it. But this goes so deep, and so far back. The first day of preschool I cried and hid in a corner, terrified of other students. But I quickly learned to blend in, to act normal, so nobody ever noticed a problem. That was over 17 years ago (22 now) and I've still never felt truly safe in a classroom, or in public. 

So the "me" that everyone else sees? I hate that person. And we live in a social world. So that's the person I am for most of my life. I spend that half of my life hating myself for being so awkward and weird, and spend most of the other half disgusted with myself for doing nothing about it. But somehow I still love the person I think I can be. And that's what makes it so hard. Constantly watching yourself fail to be the person you want to be is enough to drive anyone insane. It saps you of confidence and exhausts all traces of self-esteem. And those are basic human needs, the building blocks of greater emotions like pride and duty, societal ambition and drive. Emotions I've never known because I lacked the resources to build them. You can't want things for yourself when you can't even be yourself. 

And so I isolate myself, because the further away I am from other people, the closer I am to myself. To that person I love. Yet myself, deep down, is someone that desires friendship and companionship. But every time I try to find those things, I do so with less enthusiasm, with less fire in me and less confidence in my success. So of course I fail. And that paradoxical bullshit infuriates me. I seem doomed to this cycle of isolation forever. 

So do I like myself? It doesn't really seem like it, does it? But I do like the fantasy I have of myself. I just don't know how to be that person, and I'm beginning to give up hope that I'll ever be able to.


Answering the question "Do I like myself" after a childhood of social anxietyDoes anyone else get dry heaves in the morning when they wake up? Every single morning for about eight months now, right when I wake up I start violently dry heaving. It happens usually until I force myself to eat something. I also get dry heaves throughout the day but it is most consistent and severe in the mornings. I've seen my PCP and a Gastro doctor. I had an endoscopy done and have tried multiple medications. Anti-nausea medications have zero effect. The conclusion after seeing my doctors multiple times, is that it is anxiety related. I honestly feel crazy. Does anyone else experience this? Dry heaves every single Morning? DAE QuestionJust booked an appointment to see someone new, which has taken a while to even find.  It took me a week or two to even work up the courage to call and book an appointment.  I'm really anxious about seeing them because, well I've seen quite a few over the last 10 years none of which have helped.  
Mostly it's just been yeah ok you have anxiety and depression, take this medication for a few months and you'll be fine.  A few times i've had people tell me about mindfulness or meditation or cognitive behavior therapy... without actually doing it. Or show me how to do it once and wonder why i can't seem to do it at home.  
Or two worse case scenario that i've actually had are "yes you have anxiety... take this homeopathic medicine. It's scientific."  Or "yes you have anxiety..... what do you want me to do about it?"  
  
I guess i'm anxious because i can't help but feel hopeless.  I've just been at home for ages getting worse wondering whether help actually exists or whether everyone's just given up on me.Anxious about seeing new psychI don't know if this is the place to post. But I feel like I'm always comparing myself to other people. Every time a friend comes to me with good news it just makes me feel more down and more inferior to them and like less of a person. I feel like a dick because I can't just be happy when good things happen to my friends. Does anyone have any advice for this? 
Any advice on feeling 'happy' for others?I have finally got a girlfriend. But I am so terrible socially and I worry that I will be just like those horror stories that I read about aspie relationships and how terrible they are. I don't want to be a burden I just want to function normally and be as if I dont have this. When ever we talk I always feel nervous that I am going to do something wrong. I don't want be be lonely.Anxious AspieIs anybody here from South Carolina?Hi there. U can skip this intro if u want

I'm currently at a university I hate and I'm taking off the next semester and applying again in the fall. So it's really nice to know that I've only got to stick out the rest of the semester I guess. However, I am still having the worst experience here. The school is pretentious and everyone here is, even the counseling center I called and they were just so weirdly cold and unfriendly? I can't discuss my true feelings with friends cause they would probably feel less inclined to be my friend if they knew I was leaving. Also I don't really like most people here that much anyways but u know gotta have people u can chill w.  I feel more alone than ever and I can't always complain to my home friends cause they don't deserve to hear that constantly and basically I'm always on the verge of breakdown. I need a four point oh gpa to have the best chances of transferring, and that's basically all I really need to do since I am not in any extracurriculars and socializing isn't my priority either. 

Read from here for the pertinent issue

However, I still feel like it's too much just trying to maintain gpa and it's overwhelming. I have an essay due tommorow and I got a b minus or b on the first one and I'm terrified because I've got to do much better on the next ones. I already discussed it with my ta and my prof so I've prepared, although I could have started earlier, but I'm so anxious I can feel it burning up inside me. How can I stop feeling like this. I could just wake up and write for the next twelve hour straight but I need to eat and go to class etc and when I don't also plan those things it stresses me out more and like everyday I have to think I need to eat now and do this and every action like washing my face feels like a chore. I need a schedule but it's also too exhausting to have one. Pls help. I am supposed to be on lexapro but it doesn't work that great so I took myself off and have been off for a while. Thnx if u help How to cope in collegeAs the title says

Also, how do you want to be supported by your partner? What is support from a partner? 

If you don't feel your partner is supportive, is that a deal breaker for you in the relationship?  If not, how do you get the support you need?

What about negative reactions to your anxiety? Frustration, impatience, withdrawal, communication breakdown, anger - where do you draw the line for respecting their humanity and need for self-preservation and behavior that is unhealthy and damaging in the relationship?

 Would you say that ultimatums, vague timelines for recovery, or other attempts to get you to "get better" are encouraging or demoralizing?

**Edit: tl;dr**

**What is good support in relationship when you have anxiety**


**What makes anxiety worse for you in relationship**If you are in a relationship and have anxiety, how important is it for you that your partner understands your struggles?Today or yesterday I guess, I had what I think was a panic attack where I couldn't string words together.  I could say things I have said a million times, "is that hot or iced?"  (a sentence I've said at least 10,000x) But I couldn't say new things easily.  I couldn't even think those things.  Sometimes when I get stressed or tired my speech sort of, goes offline.  Like I might not be able to remember the word for refrigerator and with struggle I can call it "the cold closet."  It is a horrible feeling, being rushed by whomever is trying to listen to you.  So they don't lose interest or become frustrated and move on.  Today it was all speech and thought for about 3 hours.  I just learned this can sometimes be aphasia.  I was in a car accident yesterday and I think that's I reached this hi level of stree. (I am okay physically, just stressed.) Has anyone else here experienced this?Inability to string words togetherSo my sister had a full blown raging meltdown last night. She was screaming at my mother, almost got into a physical confrontation with my dad, threw stuff around, literally started screaming at the wind at one point etc. It has nothing to do with me and hell, she may have legitimate grievances with our folks and vice versa.   

But it just triggered a wave of anxiety that wont go away. My stomach is in knots, I'm nauseous, I didnt sleep, my palms are sweaty, I cant concentrate and its not even my fight. i havent lived at home for years, so maybe being removed from the bs made me even more sensitive to conflict? Any of this sound familiar?Now even other peoples fights are triggering my anxietyLike. I could be hanging out with my friends right now.... Oh wait. They're not my friends anymore. 


*Sigh* 
Another weekend of playing video games I guess. Alone. 

Does anyone else feel extreme loneliness over weekends?Im scared i have nerve damage. I get twitches all over my body. Im jumpy. It gets kinda itchy sometimes. Idk. My eyes twitch. Im scared. I hate this.I'm currently studying abroad, and I'm feeling very anxious. I move in three weeks out of my accomodation and need to find a new place to live. I also need to find a new job because the one I'm working at the moment isn't providing me enough hours. Ontop of that I don't have many friends here and I feel really isolated from home. This is consequently pushing my 'what if' questions and general irritability over the edge! 

Alternatively, I can go back to my home country (UK) by Christmas and switch to a different uni altogether for next semester (Amsterdam) - but with all the heartache and anxiety I'm currently experiencing here, idk if that is a good idea. I just feel incredibly teary all the time! 

I want to push myself to be a better person, even if that means working full time to be here in my host country, but I feel like the ground is swallowing me up and I constantly feel like a failure. 
I'm Feeling very Anxious While AbroadI just wanted to share a book that has actually helped me make new progress and breakthroughs with my panic attacks:

McDonagh, Barry. Dare: The new way to end anxiety and stop panic attacks.

I highly recommend the audio book because it's extremely helpful to listen to when calm or struggling with anxiety. The main advantage is that he gives the skills to calm down and then engages you for a while and you get distracted. 

Main thing that makes it different from other books:

Emphasis on facing your anxiety and giving you strategies to do so. My favorite tool is the run towards it technique, asking more anxiety and feelings from your body - it ends up diffusing the fear of fear response. 

Emphasis on normalizing anxiety. It's not something to avoid, but to just react differently to.

Thanks to this I've made great strides with my anxiety.
Book recommendation for panic attacksHey everyone just a question. 

I have only daily and constant minor chest discomfort, sometimes it gets worse, sometimes it goes away.  I had all of the heart texts as well as a tube down my throat and everything is fine. 

I don't have a rapid heart beat, it just feels like constant noticeable chest awareness.  Sometimes alcohol makes it go away, sometimes it doesn't.  

Any advice on how to get rid of it? Chest discomfort, anxiety or not?I got a poor grade earlier today and it's keeping me awake.  I took a xanax, but I'd like to not rely on the xanax everyday until my grade improves.How can I keep my anxiety at bay due to a bad grade?i created an free mindfulness app to help with your anxietyI have really bad anxiety. My stomach is in knots right now thinking about tomorrow. I hate being the new guy. Ive been working a late night janitor job for so long now I forgot how stressed I get starting a new job. Unlike my janitor job I will be around people all day and that's what is making me so sick. My brother got me this job and I don't want to let him down so that pressure is getting to me as well. I know I won't be getting any sleep tonight. I keep thinking people are going to find me weird and all these negative thoughts. Other people with social anxiety, how do you get through times like this? Is there anything that calms you down any kind of thinking that will help me get threw my first day tomorrow? Thank you in advance!I start a new job tomorrow and I feel sick to my stomach.About 4 days into a nasty cold I caught at work and I've spread it to everyone in my house including my 2 month old daughter. I haven't stopped feeling derealization since it started. 

Every so often I work myself into a frenzy thinking it turned into bronchitis that will stop me from breathing. Or it has turned into a sinus infection that will pop one of my sinuses and kill me somehow.

Went to the doctor today about all the weird stuff I'm feeling and was met with, "Sometimes the human body has sensations."

Oh the joys of anxiety. :/DAE anxiety get WORSE when you catch a cold/flu?I'm sure there are things, but I can't think of one right now. Attention to detail matters in this industry, and I've looked over this thing about a half dozen times by now, questioned my choices hundreds of times internally, and still have not yet submitted it. 

Damn it. I know it's not this hard for other people.You know what's more anxiety-provoking than filling out an online application for a job you really want?I moved in 2 months ago. Cooking terrifies me because my housemates are almost always hanging in the kitchen with guests. I am so hungry right now. This is getting ridiculous. Why can't I be normal.I go hungry every day because i am too anxious to interact with my housemates in the kitchenI had a panic attack yesterday. It lasted for about an hour. My heart was beating so fast and it hurt, and all of my muscles were squeezing and I couldn't move or breathe and I terrified. I was crying and shaking and trying to convince myself I wasn't having a heart attack. I honestly thought I was going to die. 

Is this what a panic attack is? or do I have an underlying health issue I need to get checked? I went to the doctor five months ago when it started happening because I thought I was having heart problems, but everything checked out fine. 

No one in my family understands when it happens and they say I need to relax and stop being dramatic. I just don't know what is happening to my body and it really scares me. I try to control it but it just happens and I have no control over my body and I get scared. really really scared. 

I'm just wondering if this is anxiety? I cant tell if I am being insane or what? It was so exhausting that I haven't been able to do anything today. Ive stayed in bed because I feel so weak and tired. Does this happen to anyone else? I feel so alone and crazy. Panic Attack I think?TL;DR at bottom. 

Hello Reddit, I am a 21 year old female who has had a long history of anxiety. I know that anxiety is a broad term, but I always describe mine as being anxious all day or for several hours with no source or cause. Just blind anxiety regardless of what Im thinking about or what situation Im in. A lot of my anxiety was rooted from social situations during my adolescences but lately it has not been. 

Anyway, I have had a lot of recent changes in my life, but most of those changes have made me very happy. Among those include breaking up with my boyfriend of 3 years, spending more time with my few close friends, moving out, transferring locations for my job and working 50-60 hours a week vs the old 35. I know this sounds like a lot, but it makes me very happy and I really love my life right now. I feel focused on myself and myself only for the first time in several years. 

Also, unlike my adolescence, and unlike some people with anxiety, I have a relatively high self-esteem and I'm a pretty confident person. 

Anyway, on Tuesday I woke up with a lot of anxiety. There's nothing particularly wrong that day, and work went pretty well, but for some reason I was just very numb all day. I cancelled my plans that night so that I could go hang out with a friend at a hookah bar to try and chill out. I frequent this particular hookah bar a lot, and it always takes the edge off and gives me a chance to relax and listen to music. After about an hour and a half there, things are looking up. I was feeling better. But over the course of just a few minutes, things went downhill. I started to feel shaky inside for no particular reason and I felt nauseous. I decided to head out and go to bed. Just seconds after getting into my car, the nausea increased and my hands and feet went completely numb. I felt a feeling of panic and helplessness. I felt overwhelmed with emotion and I suddenly felt like I had to cry. I couldn't move my hands because my muscles were so stiff. I not only felt mentally helpless but now physically helpless as I could not reach for my phone to call for help. I laid my head on the steering wheel and tried to tell myself that it was going to be ok and that I was going to get through whatever this was. Finally after about 10 minutes, the numbness went away and I was able to move again. But I was so shaky that I could not drive for another 20 minutes. It felt like I was on a drug that increase my heart rate so much that I could not focus on one particular thing. It wasn't until an hour later that all symptoms, including shakiness, went away. Yesterday I felt fine. 

I'm still not a hundred percent sure what happened to me, but what scares me is how suddenly it happened, and how there was no trigger. I'm afraid of this happening at work and embarrassing myself in front of my coworkers. I work a fast-paced job, and I sitting in the back room for an hour if this happens isn't an option for me. 

I have always been able to manage my anxiety, but I feel like this is a sign that things are getting out of hand for some reason. What are my options for treatment, and preventing this from happening again? I feel very level-headed, but benzos scare me because my family has a history of addiction. I took just about every antidepressant in the book back in my teenage years, and I hated the way they made me feel. I want to avoid taking these at all costs. 

What should I do? How do you control this?

TL;DR I am a 21 year old female with a history of anxiety, including social anxiety. I love my life, and I'm feeling great, but I had what I think was a panic attack a few nights ago. How do I prevent this from happening again? What is the best course of treatment?I have a long history anxiety, and I had what I think was a panic attack Tuesday night for the first time during very unexpected circumstances. What do I do to prevent this from happening again?I'm afraid to take new ones because I don't want to go back to how I was before my pills. It's also awful to take new pills and have them be bad for you. It's so stressful and it makes you feel bad both physically and mentally. Can someone help me? I don't know what to do. I kind of want someone to force me to take my pills.I'm afraid to take new pills.I've been told this is also related to my PTSD, but my anxiety is a huge factor. Every time she's out of my sight I'm an anxious mess. So many horrible things could happen to her and I know it's reaching irrational levels. Every time she gets a fever, cough or headache I'm scared she's sick with something serious. When she's walking to work I'm terrified she might get hit, and when she's walking home it's dark out so it's even worse. I can't stop thinking about her being taken from me and nothing she says can reassure me. I've never cared about someone on this level and I don't know what to do.Always super worried about my girlfriendI'm really anxious right now. 

I'm going to my boyfriend's parents' house next week and they eat a LOT, and there's an upcoming holiday so I don't think I can get out of it and they will probably be even more likely to eat a lot.

I developed a bit of an eating disorder over the summer. I literally don't eat meals. Sometimes I eat nothing during the day, other times I have a slice of cheese or a tiny pouch of fruit snacks or some other tiny thing. I have no awareness of hunger signals nor am I able to eat a full sized plate of food. 

What do I do? I'm debating about saying yes, but then saying I'm sick the day of. Or just forcing myself to go and suffer through it. My boyfriend says he wants me to go and is getting annoyed every time I try to tell him how anxious it's making me.Going to boyfriend's parents' house, but they don't know about my eating disorder?I was at my lowest point in a very long time about a month ago. Pretty much the most depressed/anxious I've been in a long time, and for no real reason. (wtf?) So like most people that feel depressed I turned to comfort eating. I would over eat literally every single day. Wendys #8 with two double stack cheeseburgers on the side, about 3-4 times a week. Plus every goddamn thing in my cabinets and fridge.

Anyway, I'm almost two weeks into Wellbutrin and I feel pretty damn good. The negative thoughts are gone and I feel in control. Wellbutrin definitely helped with my overeating though. I have a loss of appetite which is very common and I have zero desire to binge eat. I used to wake up in the middle of the night and raid my fridge, now I stay in bed the whole night. I can eat reasonable portions and be satisfied, and waiting 3-4 hours between a snack/my next meal is not torture.

So the question is this- How long does this loss of appetite last? Or when you finally gain your appetite back, do you still feel in control of your impulses thanks to Wellbutrin? I feel like I can finally function normally and not live to eat, but when the side effects wear off will I just be screwed again?Question to anyone currently taking/previously taken Wellbutrin.I'm freaking out. I hate birthdays. Everyone tries to make you feel good and when they fail they'll feel bad about themselves which will make me feel bad because they tried and I don't want that much attention they'll try to make me go outside and I don't want to it's too bad out there. What do I do? I don't know if I can handle that right now. I don't want to make other people feel bad by isolating myself. If I isolate myself they'll try to give me more attention.Tomorrow is my birthday and I don't know what to do.I play the trumpet. Now that that's out of the way i would like some help on getting over psyching myself out and overthinking. Before I had lost my
confidence in playing the trumpet. I'm known to be amazing and I recently got my confidence back and it felt great! Now I over thought it and psyche myself out and I can't even think about playing. It's not the trumpet but me. How can I get my confidence back? IT WONT GO IN MY HEAD, IM STUCK PSYCHING MYSELF HELP ME!How do I stop overthinking/psyching myself out.My family is considering going on vacation soon. It hasn't quite gone past the planning phase yet, but it has been decided that they want to go to a location that will require a long flight.

Now, I am terrified of flying. I work myself up before getting on the plane and every bump sets me off. I have flown lots of times, because I used to fly back and forth between boarding school and my home, but those flights were awful and I believe that's why I'm anxious about flying now. They were tiny flights, but out of the twenty-four flights (10 round trip flights) I've had in my life I, I'd say about 18 were spent with me in a full blown panic. One time the plane got blown severely off course, and most flights had the captain not only cancelling the drink service but ordering everyone to remain seated with seat belts fashioned. A few flights went through severe storms but others hit hard turbulence even going over clear skies.

You would think flying so much would help me get over it, but if anything it's made it worse, because I tend to expect terrible flights. Those ten round trips(20 total flights) were the terrible ones. Of course, when you're on a 90 person flight in a plane with two propeller engines, the flight is going to be anything but smooth, but each time I flew it was two hours of a seemingly endless nightmare. It probably doesn't help that those 10 terrible round trip flights were done alone. Flying was better when I flew with someone else, but not by much.

The flight to a location they're considering is about five hours, most of it over the open ocean. Obviously, since we'd be flying a common flight, we'd be on an actual large plane. This would mean less turbulence. But it's also a longer flight than what I've ever done. The longest I've had was about four hours when I flew to the East Coast for an eighth grade field trip, which I can hardly remember. I'd be flying with my family, so that might make it better.

Honestly I don't know what to do to. I've already thought it would be best to avoid going, and it would save my family money (since they wouldn't be paying for my ticket and my food/accommodations/etc.), but they really would like it if I went.

I've got a while before this plan gets finalized, but I figure that they're going to fly somewhere far away no matter what, and they will try to coerce me to go (my mom will probably attempt to guilt trip me). So it's better that I figure out a way to cope with it while I still have time. Right now I'm not anxious about it, but I know once the plans are made and I actually have to deal with flying I'll get more and more anxious. Any tips?

(Kind of off-topic, but when I think about this flight a scene from Airplane! plays in my head:

"Nervous?
"Yes."
"First time?"
"No, I've been nervous lots of times.")My family wants to go on vacation but Flying gives me terrible anxiety- What to do?I've suffered from anxiety basically since I was a child. I've been through therapy, medication, and I'm still working on it. I see a lot of people saying it makes them unhappy. I don't necessarily mind being unhappy. What I hate is how I'm constantly on edge and irritable. I have a wife and a daughter, both of whom I love dearly, and I feel like not a day goes by where I don't feel on edge and irritated about something and I know that it hurts them that I'm like this. That's the thing I hate the most. I just wish I could calm down and lose that edgy feeling.

Sorry. I'm just ranting. Maybe others feel this way too. I'm just tired. 

Edit: Thank you, everyone, for your insights and responses. I'm glad to hear that I'm not alone and that maybe this has been helpful for others who didn't realize that they felt this way due to their anxiety.I don't necessarily wish I were "happy". I just wish I weren't so irritated with everything and everyone.So I cracked on Sunday. I had a Skype call with my parents to catch up and ended up sobbing like a baby. All the work-related anxiety and feelings of doom I've been experiencing recently just came pouring out. It was a bit of a relief to sit there with tears and snot flying out of my face, and talk about how talking to people makes me tear up and stutter, how I feel useless all the time and not fit to be on this planet. 

Well, Reddit, enough's enough. I saw a doctor today, who prescribed an SSRI and diazepam. I'm terrified to take this stuff. The SSRI he prescribed (Lexapro) has this massive laundry list of side effects, and I don't know how much actual good it'll do - the "what if" song is playing really loudly at the moment. 

I'd really appreciate any info anyone can give me about Lexapro's side effects and whether it helped you feel better. I'm still in therapy (via Skype, don't get me started...) and hopefully the combination will help. &lt;3Here goes nothing.Let me start that I have a post in r/self with the details of what triggered this particular post. I will message the mods if anyone would like to read it :]

First off like the rest of you my anxiety can be crippling at times, but with a dual therapy of Lexapro and Wellbutrin, the anxiety has turned into a whole different type. Now, I obsess. The more anxiety I am feeling, the more obsessive I get. The obsession won't stop, I literally cannot let one single article about the election pass me by. It's now affecting work, and my home life because all I do is follow the election. Why do I think I am obsessed? It's because everyone I have ever know have split into these two groups, and because of where I live, so many of my close friends are quickly losing my respect because of their political posts on social media. It hurts to see someone I was inseparable with during college post articles about her candidate that include anti-LGBTQ messages in them. I am gay, and everyone knows this, but how could I ever talk to these people again after they choose a side that fucks over people they care so much about. I'm obsessing over the people I am losing because of this, obsessing because my anxiety doesn't want to stay as anxiety, it evolves into this monster who has now shut his entire life down because if it does not have to do with the election then it does t matter.

Sorry for the long rant and such, I really really just needed to put that out there. I feel a bit better now that I'm no longer ruminating on polls and candidates and he said she said and votes and email server and sexual assault and violence and finally all of the hate.

If you feel like sharing please do. This was an anxious post in hopes of freeing up some of this anxiety that is hanging over me like a demon.

*edit*
Following the sub's rules :]Is any body else feeling too much anxiety to the point of obsession with US politics and the election right now?I'm tired of fighting my anxiety alone. When I get my anxiety attacks, it's usually at night while laying in bed. And I just long to be held. But I have nobody. And that makes the anxiety worse, because this loneliness is heightened. It's a downward spiral. I have this huge pit in my chest and a sense of fear that just can't be shook. I think being held allows me to feel safe making the fear subside. But I'm so alone. Lonely warriorMy PA just switched me over from Lexapro 20mg to Zoloft 50mg. I was wondering for anyone that takes zoloft how it's helped you and any negative side effects youve experienced? I know everyone is different, but I'd like to hear different point of views and stories! Thanks 
Fellow zoloft usersDoes anyone here suffer from costochondritis? Does it trigger panic attacks in any of you, almost daily?Costochondritis as Trigger?I'm scared of being alone with my own thoughtsI am terribly anxious right now for no good reason. I have tremendous fear about the world and nuclear war, and that's what's started this. Sometimes it feels like I'm not even in control for my body. I don't want to Google Russia, but I find myself doing it anyways. I took some Ativan, which usually helps, but all it did was make me sleepy. I feel like crying, but I'm on a bus. It's to the point where I'm afraid of the Cubs winning the world series, because the modern world is fine when they lose, but if they win, all bets are off.I'm anxious because I am.So I was at work today and I keep track of my own time. When my boss asked me how much I worked today so he could pay me, I accidentally did my math wrong and said one more hour than I actually did work. He questioned if that was right and then I realized I had worked an hour less. I apologized and he just laughed and paid me. He was nice to me afterwards before I went home, but I sat in my car and bawled my eyes out. I felt like I really was trying to swindle him. I feel like I made a horrible mistake and now I don't know how to feel better. :(Accidently tried to swindle my boss.i have a history of bad anxiety at work. recently i got a construction job thinking that being outside and moving would help me. the problem is its 12 hours a day for 5 days then an 8 hour shift on saturday. its only for a month also. 
today i went into work fine but then once i started working i got this awful tired feeling and i got anxious over pushing it and working too hard because i would have to do another 12 hours the next day. and its only my fourth day.
any advice? i was thinking of reducing to 8 hour shifts to help that out. i really dont wanna quit because im on the road rn and extra cash is gonna help me out a lot.anxiety or tired?Hey everyone.

My girlfriend suffers from anxiety. Her anxiety is manageable and she is social and likeable, has a full-time job, etc. However, from time to time she gets anxious and seeks to me for comfort. The thing making our situation difficult is that we are in a long distance relationship. She lives on the other side of the world. We communicate through texting, calling and skyping. She has told me many times that when she is anxious and is talking to me, what she really needs is a big hug. I'm obviously not able to give that to her. So I wonder, what can I say/do for her when we are talking? What is helpful to hear from your significant other when you are feeling anxious? When there's no physical contact, only words, what do you do? I'd never dealt with anxiety before I met her, so I know I've said things in the past that haven't been very helpful at all. But I try the best I can to make her feel better. I appreciate your help. :)Anxiety and long distance relationshipsSo I'm attending an event in an hour, and I am feeling super nervous. I don't know many people going, and I never know what to say or how to keep a conversation going with people - new people especially.  Right now I'm sitting alone in a cafe waiting and just getting more and more anxious.  I had offered to help set up but it's all being taken care of.

Any advice or words of support for dealing with this?Attending a mingling event in an hour; feeling super anxiousI Found this very reassuring and so relevant to anyone suffering with anxiety - Annette Bening On The Making Of 'American Beauty' 
  Years ago, I was bigger as a teen. My aunt got diagnosed and my mom was worried.

My aunt was the only one in our family to have it. She took meds because she had a hard time getting pregnant. She gained weight, next thing we know, she was a diabetic.

 So that fear has been engraved in my mind since then. I dropped weight over the years and try to stay active as much as possible.

A couple of years ago, I woke up dizzy, confused and my body just feeling cold. Later it iust felt like only my feet were cold or hot.
 Went to the docs for a week trying to figure out what was wrong. Finally convinced them to give me a thorough blood test. Negative for anything including diabetes. I started to feel better.

 Fast forward to a year ago, got an infection above my eye, went to urgent care, the doc looked at it and I got it fixed. The doc wanted to check me out and see if things were good. Ordered a blood test, again things were ok.

  These past few weeks, I've been feeling similar symptoms. Scared of what it might be, it just being unsure makes me feel even worse. Felt shaky and at times getting constant chills and confused.

 It went away after a while.

 Yestersay I took a nap after finishing a job(shooting a vid outside at the park around 8-10am). Came home, showered, and fell asleep. Woke up with a very dry mouth, all day, just dry. Drank water, no help.
 Thats all it was, went to the gym, felt like it made it worse and wondering what was wrong I started to get those symptoms again.
 I ate some left over chicken, and watched the rerun of the debate.
 I could not sleep because I was thinking about it what ive been feeling. And wasn't sure, is this all in my head? It got too a point where my heart was racing and I felt some chest pain.
I got up and drove myself to the hospital.
 Got an ekg, it was fine. Asked for a strip test, the doc sent for one. It came out normal. Despite what I was feeling. Asked "what about my dry mouth?", she just said, its anxiety. She gave me papers for anxiety, referred me to a psychiatric wing of the building and gave me a prescription for Xanax.
I feel somewhat better today. Mouth is still a bit dry along with constant sneezing snd running nose. And I feel like I have to cough be cause I still have some tightness in the chest. 

Diabetes has been a boogeyman for me. Its that disease that if I get it, it is all my fault. All Id hear is "I told you so". The shame and embarrassment of it and then having to use a needle. 

 Only other boogieman that runs in my family is cancer. But Im more afraid of "the big D".

 Either way, what should I look out for?Diagnosed with anxiety. Feel sick, wonder what it is, and that uncertainty adds to the panic.I feel like i have to do something when i really can just do anything i want but i feel like somethings holding me back....How do i make myself realize i can do what ever i want in skyrim?I had a traumatic experience on a plane a few years ago (it got hit by lightning... twice).  I had already gone into the flight wit high anxiety.  So let's just say my plane anxiety is at a whole 'nother level.  

I was prescribed Xanax for the flights I am about to take (I have never taken them before, and I don't know what to expect- my fear is that they won't be enough!) 

So, do you guys have any tips when it comes to what to do on a flight to calm anxiety?  Certain activities, etc?  Thank you!Tips on plane travel?Lately I've been getting a big breakout of acne on my chin and cheek and forehead area, at least 10 zits. Popped most of the ones with white and now they're all red and so obvious. I can't help but think that everyone looking at me today is focusing only on that and it's making me anxious as hell. I usually don't get acne so I am not used to dealing with this type of anxiety, as I feel I should have already gotten over acne as a teenager. Any good advice?DAE get very self-conscious and then anxious about certain appearance traits?Just sitting here right now, depressed and pissed at the same time.  Every fucking confrontation sends me into a tailspin, sometimes even just the thought of one.standing up for yourself, confrontation, panic attacksI left a job a year and a half ago because I was bullied by the boss. In fact he kind of fired me, I won't bore you with detail but it took me a long to realise this man was bullying me, I just didn't think it happened to adults. I was a shadow of myself by the time I left, an absolute wreck. It went from bad to worse when I tried to start my own business and a customer accused me of all these things I did not do, I think she was unwell but it was enough to scare me back in to my shell. Then I got married and my husband didn't have a problem with me not working, but then he started stressing out about money, he's very particular about money and getting low in a bank account freaks him out. Anyway, his stress was stressing me out and I realised I had to just go to work. I finally got a job two weeks ago, I hate it. I'm the only female, so I have to laugh along with the usual disgusting banter so as not to be the new prude that joined. I'm trying so hard to become more humble but I'm struggling big time, I went to university, I have better qualifications overall compared to my husband who has a seriously good job with great money but because of my stupid mind I'm stuck in a real shitty job with quite frankly shitty people. Yes, that seems so stuck up but I'm just being honest. I know you're beat when you think you're better than someone else, and I'm not better, I just ...ugh. I'm coming home and the house is an absolute dump now because I'm not at home doing the laundry, ironing, dishes, cleaning etc. my husband tries but he's crap at it, he'll do a load of washing then leave it on the radiators to dry and he gets annoyed that Im not thanking the heavens for it. I wanted an awesome job, but I'm weak and can't cope with that or strive for it. I feel pathetic. I know I've lost it again because I literally just screamed, screamed at one of the cats! I love my pets more than anything and now I'm just so upset that I did that. I hate myself but I can't let my husband see how I'm struggling again because if I bring in money, he'll be happy. He says he doesn't mind, but I know this will make him happy. I'm just venting. Venting and losing my mind again. Rethinking and rethinking all the conversations with the sudden mass of social interactions. I saw one guy staring at me today because I was looking through my pockets and just being generally awkward. I wish so much that I could turn my brain off and just be an average normal person that doesn't have all these thoughts going on in my head at once. I'm an INFJ and feel completely isolated. I'm losing my **** againWell I don't mean to say its 100% placebo but im wondering if thats a significant portion.

I didn't believe therapy would work and I tried it with multiple therapists and saw no results. Is half of therapy just all placebo? One therapist even told me straight up that if you don't believe this will work it absolutely won't work. And then told me to look at the "You are the placebo" book lol.Is therapy/CBT a lot of placebo effect?ok so im a busser at a restaurant and last sunday (the last day ive worked since now) i was working with one other busser and it was a pretty slow night. on the schedule it said i get off at 5 so 5 rolls around and i ask to get off. my manager asks what other bussers are there and i told him that theres only one other busser and that another was coming in at 6. so he asked me if i could stay til 6. i was super tired and my shoulder was sore (im not sure why) so i said no. he got busy with something else and i just clocked out and left and figured it wouldnt be that big of a deal (also last sunday the schedule was the same and me leaving at 5 was no problem). now its about an hour before i have to go in today and im just now hearing that he was super pissed that i left and that i should never say no when im asked to stay longer. im so anxious ahhhh. i just really needed to vent, any advice is helpful :(im so worried about going into work today.I'm a man of 24 years and have SA and other related health issues. One thing that has been a worry of mine lately is that my gaze is unpleasantly overpowering for others. It's a pretty major issue due to the fact you can't really get far without eye contact anyway. Hence I find myself caught between a rock and a hard place: Do I avoid eye contact and come off awkward or do I look a person in the eye and freak them the hell out if I get it wrong?

What could be the issues causing this? What can I do to try not to dazzle people with my gaze?

It's far from the only issue I'm grappling with at the moment but it is a very prevalent concern. Hopefully some of you have useful advice or experience with this problem and can help me out. 

EDIT: I have to qualify that I have confirmed experience of encounters going awry due to eye contact related issues as well as people uncomfortable in my presence. I have not done anything inappropriate though, just to be clear. I worry that my gaze is overpowering...It started a couple months ago and I spiraled really quickly. I've been cycling through various health conditions, saw a couple doctors and relieved my worry about several of them, but that actually focused my previously diffused anxiety on one thing - my heart. 

Had an EKG and echo in January (before all this went down, as part of a physical), both came out normal, but obviously it's not soothing me, seeing how 10 months have passed since then. I have heart palpitations regularly, episodes of rapid heart beat here and there, and I've developed a habit of constantly having my hand on my neck, feeling for pulse, because I'm terrified of my heart just stopping without a warning.

I saw a cardiologist a few weeks ago and he didn't do any tests, dismissed my worries, and prescribed me propranolol. It helps with tachycardia when I'm having a panic attack, but then when my heartbeat slows I slip into hysterics. 

I seem entirely convinced that I'm on the brink of sudden cardiac arrest, which is ridiculous because I'm 22 and otherwise healthy, but I really can't live like this anymore. It's like going round in circles - I calm down, palpitations go away, I can't feel my heart anymore, become convinced that it's stopped and I'll drop dead in 10 seconds, panic, scare myself into palpitations again.

I'm finally seeing a therapist soon, but I just need support and reassurance. Someone tell me I'm not going to die :(Health anxietyI've been struggling lately with my anxiety and depression. I just feel so beaten by it. And lately I've been getting the feeling that my life has no meaning, no purpose. Not the kind of feelings that would be considered suicidal, I just feel that I'm just doing the same things day after day. I go to work, I come home, I maybe eat dinner, watch some tv or read a little. Then it's off to bed to do the same thing the next day. I'm just existing really, I'm not LIVING, you know? I don't have a calling. And I feel absolutely awful, because I have an amazing boyfriend, an awesome family, a steady job, and I'm hopefully going to school in the spring. I feel as though I shouldn't be complaining because a lot of people are worse off than me. And that just makes me feel worse, because I have such a great life and I'm complaining. I guess I'd just like people's thoughts on this, I have no idea what to do.Does anyone else ever feel that they just have no purpose in life?So I suffer from a form of food anxiety, and by that I mean whenever I'm about to eat with people, I feel really awful. I get nauseated, heart stears beating etc, and as soon as the meal is over, I begin to feel better. Now, with my birthday coming up, there's going to be people here. It's gonna be my mom, dad, brothers, grandma and my girlfriend. For some reason, it has been worrying and bothering me a ton lately, because of my anxiety. I just want to not feel awful, because it really upsets me. I hope someone can help me!My birthday coming up and I'm really worriedBackground: Stressful breakup / relationship triggered depression and panic attacks. Breakup happened Aug 18

For the past month or so I have been emotionally fine: IE Don't feel like crying about what happened and felt a little grief (which is normal) BUT I  had panic attacks /anxiety / constant elevated heart rate and heart palptations.

Today when i woke up, my physical symptoms were less (heart rate felt normal and didn't notice palptations) BUT emotionally I felt depressed and cried. 

The only persistent symptom is difficulty concentrating but it looks like when I'm emotionally fine I have physical symptoms and when I don't have physical symptoms I'm emotional. The breakup happened sometime in august. But I still have these symptoms and I'm concered. I'm not on any medication and maintaining an active lifestyle.

Edit: What triggered the crying was the sound of her voice in my head and I remembered how the perfume smelled. Switching between emotional and physical symptomsHello, I will try to be as informative as possible. I have a fear that when I get to a professional Psychiatrist that he will just send me away. My "symptoms" are doubting myself, thinking ppl outside laugh at me / look at me and judge me negatively luckily listening to music helps me a lot, having constant feeling of stress in my stomach like its being constricted and having a lot of stomach acid,  heart palpitations even if I am not moving around just sitting, crying uncontrollably when talking about myself and my problems (even now I cant stop crying), trouble talking to higher authority in my job or doctors etc especially if I dont know them, I also sweat up and heat up in some situations. 
I am a student so most of the time I am at school but other than that I am at home. I dont really go outside. My daily regime without school  is wake up in the morning, get on pc and go to sleep at night. The thing is I think I am pretty funny and can make friends at school but outside I am lost. I dont really have anything that I like doing other than my PC. 

And why I worry that the Psychiatrist will just send me away is because I am actually feeling "good" now , my symptoms are not as bad as they used to be. But that might be just because I am staying home most of the time. 

Sorry for the long post and thank you for reading it if you did. 

Edit: Thanks again to everyone who read this and commented this was a huge help for me!is this enough to seek help? 22/MI've always been proud of the fact that I had no trouble talking in front of people and be assertive in social situations. However, about 2-3 months ago I noticed during a presentation how...uncomfortable I was? Huh i thought, this has never happened before, but maybe it's just nerves. Next time, same thing, but slightly worse. A week or so after during a small presentation in front of 4 people, and I didn't want to talk at all, I couldn't even form the words. 

Fast forward to today, while I was practicing my part, my heart started to beat faster and it wasn't even the real thing! Obviously this is a red flag but maybe I could get through it. The second I walk to the front of the room my heart starts beating *fast*, beating faster and faster while I was waiting for my turn. I start talking, immediately mess up the first sentence, try to rephrase. Next sentence, miss words. My voice starts to shake, I try to recover and just focus on my paper. Voice keeps shaking bad, I start to sweat, my heart is beating so fast it hurts. Suddenly I loose track of what I'm saying and before I could throw up or completely break down I tell my friend that I've blanked, thankfully they've already realised whats happening and pick up where I left. *whew*, now the worst part is over, but I'm sweating and my chest hurts. Finally class ends and I can gtfo. I come home and immediately start cutting myself to release the stress and anxiety. What followed was the worst derealization I've ever had, and I've hade a few. 

Idk what to do now, every interaction with strangers feels terrifying and difficult. I'm scared now and don't now how to deal with this, I'm fairly outgoing and I'm scared that this will forever scar me. I'm terrified of the next time I have to make a speech and I'm terrified that it changed so quick for me. Apart from the embarrassment and frustration. 

Have anyone else done something similar? How do you move on? I've hade anxiety for a long time but I've always managed to keep the worst in private and never freaked out in public, what if this happens again? I feel so alone and broken...Had a panic attack from nowhere in front of my class, need advice :(Guided Meditation - Clear Your Mind1. Don't

2. Don't

3. Don't

4. Don't

5. Don't

Feeling so disappointed with myself right now.5 Lessons My Craven A** Learned Today, Concerning Going To Parties Alone:No job, no school. Limited contact with internet friends and penpals but being around people makes me nervous. I have a volunteer gig but it's with a cultural community where I don't fit in. 

I am scheduled for shifts. After the shifts, I am elated and very happy. But during, I am a wreck. I can exaggerate to overcompensate or be unintentionally rude. I think I also get judgmental and talk too much. Not sure how to keep balanced before, during, and after. I just feel so lost. I am so emotional. Very thin-skinned. Very passionate and very moody.Isolated myself from the public for almost a year. Now I have a volunteer gig but I'm worse than before. Any coping tips?Title. I see them from time to time. Almost exclusively when I'm at work. When I go to the gym and play video games, they aren't there. Wondering if it could be stress related?DAE See Little White Dots?So it's been about a week since I woke up feeling randomly frightened and like I was not really in my house. I was shaking and almost felt like I couldn't distinguish if i was dreaming or not. Pretty sure it was a panic attack, even though my stress levels are basically zero. It runs in my family though. Ever since then, i've kind of felt like I did that night. Almost as if the feeling of being high is just starting to wear off. Very minor. I can function properly and I'm not in any pain whatsoever, but I just haven't felt like myself ever since that night. It's weird. Almost like a slight fuzziness or unreality. Anybody know anything about this? Is it just my brain trying to recover? Really confused..Weird feeling ever since first (assumed) panic attack....normal??New here, I would really appreciate some helpful insight.

I'm 20. For the last 2-3 years, I've had symptoms of what I think could be anxiety. These have been inconsistent, but intense.

The most common one is feeling like a bucket of acid is released within my stomach. It's a feeling somewhat related to the "butterflies" we all feel, but these are on steroids, it's extremely uncomfortable.
It's usually triggered by bad surprises; it's instant. For instance, when a teacher calls out my name in class out of nowhere. Or when I get a text from someone I struggle with. As soon as it happens, I feel a deep burn in my stomach that lasts for 1-2 seconds. This has been more and more common. It often triggers the second symptom:

My heart goes nuts. I have not read much throughout this subreddit as I just found it, but I'm sure you guys know what I'm referring to. It's like it's going to break through my chest.
The most common trigger used to be having to present in front of people. And I know public speaking is the most common fear, but this was definitely not the case for me before. Even raising my hand to make a small comment during uni makes me worried about how ridiculous my heartbeat gets. I think it has to do with me rephrasing how I'm going to intervene over and over again, worrying about what others may think. But I can't seem to deal with that.

My entourage and I consider myself as a fairly confident dude. I do not have problems making friends, being funny or disagreeing with people; I was often congratulated for making really good presentations. But now... it's like a coin toss. I may perform brilliantly, or I may have some sort of panic attack.

I feel like my sympathetic nervous system is being triggered way more than it should. Neither symptom can be good.

Am I being paranoid? Is this common? Am I on the wrong thread?

Edit: Added detailIs this what anxiety feels like?34/F PTSD (witness to s/o suicide), single mom (7/m), homeowner in nice area, stable job, college educated...diagnosed with PTSD, GAD, &amp; Depression. Taking 40mg Paxil, Xanax as needed, 5 years now. 

Why are (our) brains like this? Daily, in a professional law office, while I try to work, Im scratching, picking, rubbing, fidgeting, clenched jaw, grinding teeth, frantically searching for absolutely nothing on the internet, planning trips and weekends, wondering if my b/f meant "something" when he texted "G'morning" instead of "Good Morning babe." 

I want to get back to yoga &amp; the gym, to ease the anxiety, but then depression kicks in and I dont want to leave the house, just drink and sleep.

I question everyones intentions, long to look like the women I see on tv &amp; fear being alone. Im always hot, clamy, out of breath or holding in my breath, short fused, and afraid.

When I try to relax and calm down, I get bored and start the cycle all over.

Why? Am I EVER going to be normal? Honestly if I live a full life, Idk if I can handle 30+ more years of this. How do others cope? How can your mind go from happy and secure to lost and worried in a matter of minutes, repeatedly?My confidence seems to come and go. 

I remember in kindergarten, I was pretty outspoken. I had no qualms answering the teacher's questions in front of the class, for example. 

In middle and high school, however, I became really shy. I couldn't even look at my teachers in the eye when directly speaking with them. I was that guy at lunch in middle and high school who never knew exactly which table to sit at. 

I told myself to snap out of, read a lot of self-help on the internet, and by the end of high school, I felt like I had left the old, shy me behind. I was chosen to speak to audiences of 700+ parents thinking about sending their children to our high school. I was chosen to speak at graduation, not because of my grades (which were average), but because I had the best audition. I became really friendly with everyone and found the courage to ask someone out. Life was good. 

In college I continued being this way. However, by the end of my second year in college, I broke up with my ex. I was fine for a semester or so after the breakup. Then, I started to spiral back into my old self - the shy and anxious me. It's terrible. I gained 60 pounds. I stopped working out. I can barely walk around campus now without feeling terribly anxious. I feel like everyone's looking at me. 

I don't think I ever learned to walked "properly"; I think I always had a somewhat awkward gait and now it's even worse since I get all tense and anxious about people checking out my gait. My parents told me I needed to throw back my shoulders when walking. I think my ex once told me that I walked somewhat like a penguin (I asked her if I did walk like a penguin). I don't know. I prefer biking around campus because it feels so much more natural and fluid for me. I don't have any physical issues AFAIK. I don't walk funny when I'm alone or with friends; it's easy for me to throw my shoulders back and walk with confidence. But I just can't muster that confidence in front of everyone now. 

I'm also scared of going to the gym now. I used to go by myself or with friends and there wasn't much of an issue. Now I just feel self-conscious going to the gym. I can barely even run in broad daylight anymore. I can only run at night, because I feel like everyone's watching and judging me. I tell myself that's ridiculous. Otoh, people have "cat-called" me and stuff when I used to run in the day, but I used to just ignore it and be like whatever. Now, I try to tell myself not to care. But it's an active battle in my mind; me telling myself not to be self-conscious vs. me being self-conscious. 

What should I do? Why does my confidence come in waves - it's here sometimes and receding otherwise? What happened to my confidence?Ever since a certain event last week, I have had a constant feeling of anxiety and confusion. I feel lost and depressed and am always on the verge of crying. Last friday, I took 60 mg of adderal (the highest dose I've ever had) and ended up staying up all night and all day Saturday because I had taken it so late. During what must have been my crash on Saturday, my boyfriend ignored me for 4 hours only to tell me that he would not be coming back that day. This spiraled me into a meltdown and I spent the next few hours crying before falling asleep. 

The next day when I saw my boyfriend, I felt very anxious at the sight of him and couldn't look at him for very long without wanting to cry. This feeling has subsided, but I still sometimes feel nervous when I think about him (i haven't seen him since). The rest of the day was very emotional for me. I felt anxious and depressed about every aspect of my life. I thought this was a part of my adderal crash because I am a recreational user and a very rare one at that, but it's Thursday now and I still feel awful. It's like the adderal ignited my every deep fear. There's a constant pit in my chest, and I find myself being provoked into crying by every single thing. Is my brain's happy chemicals just seriously depleted? I am so lost and can't even really describe how I'm feeling. It's like I am numb in my thoughts, but anxious in my feelings.

I am also a regular pot smoker. Should I stop? Allow my brain to just be itself for a little while?I have been feeling anxious and off about everything ever since I took adderal.Hello r/anxiety.  I'm really hoping you all can give me some advice on how to speak to my mother.  For background, I am a 28F and my mother is 60F.  I have tried in the past to talk to my mother about a variety of topics, but it generally tends to end in her having a panic attack, crying, shutting down, or a combination of all of those.
  
I would love to discuss how the family will deal with long-term care of my brother, who has special needs.  I tried to broach this subject with her several years ago but she started freaking out and saying that if someone else looks after him he will "get raped or attacked".  That was the end of the conversation essentially.
  
Does anybody have any tips to calmly approaching tough conversations?  Any insight would be helpful.  Thank you all. Desperately need advice on how to talk to my mother, who has anxiety.I'm posting because I would like to share/talk about my anxiety. It's bizarre and hard to explain, which is why I've never really shared this with anyone. I've been to counselling but I can't afford it. As a bit of background info, I'm female, 28,  I don't watch crime tv shows/movies, I don't watch the news, and neither myself or anyone I know personally has ever experienced sexual assault. 

And yet, my anxiety is centered around sexual assault and men. I would not say I have a phobia of men, since there are many who I trust and am comfortable around, I have a fiance who I have been with for 9 years. When it comes to men, I instantly know in seconds if I trust them or not-some weird uncontrollable gut response. 

Here is where it starts majorly impacting my life. I work in a male dominant business world-I am the youngest female at the corporation by 7 years. I choose to dress and act conservatively. What I am about to say is going to sound VERY conceited and self-centered. I assure you that despite this, I actually have self-esteem in the negatives. Anyways, I often suffer from anxiety and panic attacks at work when my male coworkers start being friendly to me-not inappropriate-just friendly, sure I get hit on here and there as well, but in general people are good to me. but when someone is what my anxiety deems as *too nice* to me,  I start PANICKING that they will become obsessed with me, become inappropriate, start stalking me, hurt me, hurt my family, hurt my fiance etc. I start worrying my boss, the CEO, the owner, or someone with power in the company will try to pull a move on me-if something like that happened I would be forced to leave a job I've spent my life working up to. My company has clients where I need to work with them, sometimes one on one. What if a male client comes on to me? what would I do? etc etc. I get so sick and uneasy sometimes that once I was admitted to the hospital because the anxiety had me not eating, getting sick, not sleeping, and having horrible diarrhea-to the point where I fainted. 

Anyways, I don't know what I'm getting at, I just wanted to share my experience in case someone out there has any advice. In theory this is my dream job, I would hate to have to leave because of anxiety. Anxiety in the workpalceI just started taking BuSpar for my anxiety this past Saturday. I've always had irritability as an anxiety symptom, but it feels like it has worsened this week. Is this a normal thing as my body gets used to the meds, or do I need to just call my doctor and give up on them already? I'm so frustrated, because I can't take what I used to for anxiety (klonopin, they won't prescribe it and want me on a maintenance medicine, understandably), and I'm so tired of feeling this way. BuSpar making things worse?SO. MANY. NOISES. It's impossible to concentrate at my desk. I feel like I can hear every conversation 10 rows down. Phones ringing, people yelling / laughing / coughing / sneezing at all hours of the day. Sensory overload at its finest. Makes it extremely difficult to concentrate and causes great discomfort and anxiety. Brought my noise cancelling headphones in and thankfully I'm allowed to wear them while at my desk - gonna try listening to alpha waves as often as I can. Corporate jobs and anxiety do not mix!Have trouble working in a corporate office.Started experiencing symptoms of anxiety at 17, diagnosed at 18. Over the course of the following year, I noticed a lot of positive changes. I guess this was due to having a better understanding of my mental state, pushing myself out my comfort zone a lot more...starting college, making new friends, joining a band and playing shows on the regular. My anxiety was very much under control. 

Once I had started uni, I had found myself making a few lifestyle "adjustments". First year was mostly fuelled by excessive alcohol consumption and smoking a shed load of weed. This seemed to work for me, the weed chilled me out and the only time I'd feel relatively anxious would be during hangovers. I passed first year, performing a lot better than some of my weed smoking friends and drinking buddies. However, it was second year that totally did a number on me.

I was 22 and looking forward to excelling in my course. After a decent first semester, I was settled in, smoking less and being very productive with uni and music. Unfortunately after the new year, it all went downhill. Rising rent led to flatmate infighting, a huge struggle over juggling full time work (I got an unwanted promotion with extra hours and no increase in pay) and full time uni on minimal sleep and salary, losing said job, having no social life, breaking up with the girlfriend and family issues. During this time, I started using pot again, I guess as some for of escapism or tool for numbing. I returned home and things got a little better but I still felt completely alone and like I was a HUGE let down.

Since then, I graduated last summer with a 2:1, (which I was psyched about) quit cigarettes, knocked pot on the head for 5 months and now living in a lovely house with my twin sister and her friend as my housemates. After all that, I really should feel better but, the fact is I still feel totally worthless at times. My self confidence likes to stick around for 2 or 3 days before vanishing completely for 24 hours or more. This affects me in public as I don't "walk with purpose" or appear confident in the slightest, so much so that I think "screw it, why bother leaving the house at at all today?" When I'm good, I'm good. When I'm bad, it's panic attacks and sleepless nights. Today is most definitely one of those days. Unless I have work, then that forces me out the house. Also, working in a bar; it's customer facing and can help me to climb up and out the rut as it were. But more often than not, I end up staying indoors like a hermit, feeling that if I do leave, the world is gonna f*** me.

Life should be good at the moment but, anxiety being the little devious monster it is, keeps popping up. Right now, I'm looking for a new post-uni job (getting a bit of pressure off my parents) I'm also writing solo material for music (much to my parents dislike). However, my main issues are these: 

1: my two new housemates are total pot heads, it's hard to stay away at times and I know I should have way more will power to stay away!

2: when I feel like I do on a bad day, I find it tough to become motivated for my creative endeavours. I'll often sit there with a guitar and half a set of lyrics and stare blankly. It's like my brain is on lock down. This sometimes extends into my good days. 

3: I have a date tonight and I am definitely starting to freak the out!

Sorry to bore you! Answers/tips on a postcard please :)



Starting to lose touch with realityMy anxiety stems from trying to not be a jerk.

I'm always afraid of being mean. If you are also like that you are probably nice on the outside. You are cool. 

Edit: this took off more than I expected. Thank you for making me feel welcome, you chose to spend some of your time with me. Thank you for making me feel normal. You're not as bad as you think you areMy doctor recently put me on Effexor for depression/anxiety and Hydroxyzine to take as needed for anxiety.  Has anyone else been on hydroxyzine?  And if so, how much do you need to take to relieve your anxiety?Hydroxyzine anyone?I'm afraid to type this out because I already feel so whiney. 

My girlfriend lost her son four months ago. It was a slow death that we saw coming, but still very traumatizing anyway. Shortly after his death, she went to another state to gather herself, and it seemed to help. Since she's been back, it's gone downhill... 

She called things off between us about a month ago, saying that she wanted to figure things out alone. That it wasn't because of me, but she didn't want to bring me down. Before this, we had a very strong and loving relationship, but it seemed to vanish (in my eyes) overnight. 

Now she barely talks to me. I'm so afraid she's giving attention to someone else, and I can't shake this feeling. I want so desperately to convince myself that she is absolutely devastated about her loss and its not what I think. I feel so guilty for feeling this way because I'm being so selfish. She's hurting in ways that I'll never understand and I know she'll never really be the same because of it. But I can't stop thinking that she doesn't love me anymore. I feel like I'm holding onto a pipe dream, but she was my best friend and I can't just walk away from her. I'm afraid if I do that I'll regret it and that I'll feel even worse. 

I don't feel like there's any answers here. I think I just need to vent since my anxiety won't let me sleep anymore. I'm so afraid my loved one doesn't love me anymoreI am constantly on the edge and nervous during my class hours even when I don't have anything like exams or assignments to worry about. My doctor prescribed Clonazepam for SOS situations, but frankly at this point, I can't even discern normal from SOS.

I so desperately have to break free of this cycle of being anxious and tired. Breathing works sometimes, but I cannot concentrate on what's being taught when I am breathing to calm my nerves. Does anyone else have this problem with panic attacks in class? It's particularly hard for me since I am an MBA student and we are expected to be efficient taskmasters and take everything that comes in stride. Anxiety makes me feel so inadequate in comparison with my classmates.How do I deal with being constantly anxious in class?I have suffered from what I guess I would term minor to moderate anxiety for years. I've had occasional panic attacks, the first one about 6 years ago sent me to the hospital because I thought I was dying. Since then I've had probably 5 full blow panic attacks (until last week), sometimes years apart.

This summer I was hit with a sudden bout of vertigo followed by a panic attack and an eventual hospital visit 2 days later because the lightheaded and dizziness never went away. That was back in July. I have the usual story of all my tests and blood work coming back normal. I've a very physically healthy 42 year old long distance runner. Since July I've been suffering from the lightheaded and dizziness and the most my doctor has done is give me Flonase to clear out some fluid buildup behind me ear drum which has done nothing to relieve the issue.

In the past 2 weeks I've had a few panic attacks, once while I was driving to work this morning. I was up very late last night listening/feeling my heart thump in my chest and feeling tightness and shortness of breath. I felt the same way driving into work this morning which lead to the panic attack.

So finally to my question. Have others (I'm guessing yes) had that kind of tightness and shortness of breath associated with a panic attack but stretched out over hours where you feel like you are just on the brink of a panic attack but not quiet having one? In the past when I've had panic attacks they have kind of surged up and overwhelmed me, this is more just a constant state of distress and discomfort.

I have a follow up with my PCP tomorrow and plan on talking to him about going on something like Lexapro, and I'm beginning therapy on Monday. On the verge of a panic attack for hours?**tl;dr former smoker living in Japan with a history of fear of cancer (ironic, I know). Thought I was okay but suddenly obsessed with lung cancer. It's interfering with my life and I'm getting desperate**

I am a 22 year old female and I am a hypochondriac. Specifically, my fear of cancer is ruining my life. It is beginning to interfere (again) with my ability to function normally and has started to affect my daily habits.

For some background, I'd always had some form of anxiety but it was pretty well managed. But it developed into full-blown hypochondria the summer before my junior year of college. I noticed a strange mole on my back, reminded myself to check it if it changed, and continued on with my life. Fast forward 4 months and I'm studying abroad in Japan. Long story short, an issue with my friends + the stress of schoolwork in another country led to an obsession with cancer. Specifically skin cancer and stomach cancer (due to problems that can be obviously explained as manifestations of stress). What was supposed to be a year abroad turned into just one semester abroad. In a 5 month period I had a CT scan, an MRI, a colonoscopy, and 3 trips to 3 different dermatologists. Obviously, I didn't have skin cancer or stomach cancer. Since then I've been taking medication and sought therapy. I hadn't had an episode since and thought I had my hypochondria under control. Until now...

In college I was a real stoner. I was addicted to spliffs, which is joints with some tobacco thrown in. It was a social thing- my entire friend group smoked weed heavily and by the end of freshman year we were all smoking spliffs. I didn't smoke over the summer/on breaks nor the semester when I studied abroad, but at college I smoked at least a spliff a day. It was only a sprinkle of tobacco and we usually shared them, so I figured "I'm probably only smoking the equivalent of 2 cigarettes a day, maybe 3 on the weekends. Really bad, but probably not gonna cause cancer if I quit after college". I got straight A's and maintained an active social life, so I figured it wasn't that big of a problem especially because I didn't plan on doing it after college. Well last spring I happened to come across an article that said smoking one joint is the equivalent of smoking *a whole pack of cigarettes*. Furthermore, I learned that spliffs are **even worse than cigarettes** because of weed (the whole pack thing) and tobacco, and the fact that you're inhaling it deeper than a normal cigarette because theres no filter. Then I read an article that mentioned a 26 year old who had lung cancer because he smoked spliffs. I stopped smoking *immediately*. I actually had urges to commit suicide because "I've killed myself anyway". Finally I calmed down a bit. It's been about 7 months and I haven't touched any weed, cigarettes, etc. But now I'm yet again freaking out about getting cancer, this time its lung cancer.

I've returned to Japan to "reclaim" my experience. I teach English here and love my life. Everything was going so well. I have no reason to be having an anxiety episode right now... yet lately I find that every waking unoccupied minute of my life is consumed with *cancer cancer cancer*. The seasons are changing and everyone has a cold. But *my* sore throat? That's the cancer, of course. When I biked the 3 miles to work the first tie instead of taking the bus I got kind of winded. Out of breath because I haven't exercised like that in awhile? Nope, it's because I have lung cancer. My shoulder hurts from sitting at my computer desk at work all day? Nope, it's  the tumor on my lung causing irritation. Now I know this is all ridiculous, so I tell myself. But then the thought "well you don't have it now, but you DID bathe your lungs in nonstop cancer chemicals for 3 years..." enters my mind and I break into a cold sweat, "knowing" my days are numbered.

It's gotten to the point where I frequently look up progress in cancer research, as if my life depends on it right now. I once read that carrots, tomatoes and leafy greens prevented cancer, so now I eat those in amounts that make me sick (and I *love* vegetables). I hold my breath when I erase the chalkboard so the dust doesn't get into my lungs and "give me cancer". Same when I'm around car exhaust. In fact any funky smell or synthetic material automatically makes me think, "will this give me cancer?". I don't even use my microwave anymore, because "radiation".

I have no one to talk to about this at all. Mental health counseling isn't much of a thing here and if I really wanted to get it I would have to travel hours away to Tokyo. I can't tell my friends because I don't want them to know I'm nuts. I can't tell my parents because I can't put them through this again. I just don't know what to do. I love Japan. This year abroad was supposed to be one of strength and learning. I *cannot* go home early. For one, my pride. I can't be so weak as to run back home again. Second, this time it's a job. I wouldn't be able to get letters of reference or explain the employment gap to future employers. I literally *have* to stay here. So I'm just... stuck in my anxiety, "waiting to die". What on earth do I do?my hypochondria is ruining my lifeI have a literature review due to my dissertation chair tomorrow and I can't write a coherent sentence. I feel a little silly because I was able to write a lecture earlier this week, but I supposed there's a difference between an undergraduate level introduction to stats and trying to lay out the theoretical and empirical foundation of my dissertation. I just feel like I've already been screwing up this semester due to anxiety and I do not want to disappoint my chair... I've taken all of his courses so he knows I'm a solid worker but since I asked him to be chair at the beginning of this semester I've been fucking up left and right. Started Paxil and seeing a therapist to address this, so progress! but then this... Idk the last few days whenever I try to read something the most I get through is a sentence or a paragraph and then it throws my attention to something else. Feels like I'm moving through this weird stream of consciousness daydream. I spend all day at my desk and read like two pages and write a few pages of random notes of things every other sentence reminded me of. 

He also said if we don't turn in this tomorrow we better be dying (it's for dissertation prep, my chair just happens to be teaching it). Not sure if this qualifies? D:A week on paxil and having a horrible time focusing... Similar experiences?How do I deal with it? I really want to travel, but my anxiety is suuuper bad.

It goes like this:

* Pretty calm when getting to my seat, we're still on ground and nothing is on, so no weird loud noises.
* we start to roll.. my anixety is low.
* go to the runway where they put on speed.. Anxiety level PRETTY DAMN HIGH.. I'm at this point almost 100% sure we will crash because we didn't get enough speed on
* We don't crash, and we're in the air.. The next couple of hours of flying, I'm trying not to freak out, I'm sweating and I am sure I'm about to die at any freaking moment. 
* Lowering in altitude for landing.. anxiety level getting a bit higher
* almost landing.. anxiety level HIGH
* 30 seconds after landing, I am sure we're on ground and the plane is safe, so my anxiety level goes from extremely high to extremely low..


I am so freaking exhausted after that, totally mentally exhausted.. What can I do to calm down and just think of it as a train ride? 


If you're not sure *how* bad my anxiety is... I get anxiety when I see a plane in movies... &lt;_&lt;
It's like I have PTSD or something, I get horrible anxiety and flash backs and start hearing the noise of the plane, the feeling of rumbling etc.I have mad flying anxiety - helpHi!

I don't know what to do or where to turn.
I decided to travel to Japan, on my own. I have never been solo travelling before, and I have never been to Japan.

I landed 2 days ago, and have had a lot of trouble adjusting  to the time zone and heat.

I spent my first night not being able to sleep, and only getting one hour at 5am, the next day I was exhausted and tried to get an early night, I woke up 2 hours later about 11pm and couldn't get back to sleep for the entire night. I was just tossing and turning alone with my thoughts. 

Today I am really sick. I am unsure if it's stress, anxiety, or food poisoning.
I have a high fever and have to run to the bathroom, I haven't thrown up but my mouth feels dry and I want to.

I feel so anxious. I can't calm down, I don't know what to do, it's 5pm and I don't know how to make myself feel better. I don't want another restless night. 

I am staying in a hostel but don't want to seem pathetic or sick. I don't know what to do.

Time is going so slowly and all I want to do is go home. I can't calm down - anxiety and sick while travelling alone, please help me.This current election cycle has been giving me way too much stress and has blown my anxiety up worse than it has before. My arms are shaking, I feel light headed, my body feels weak, and I can't catch my breath. Everywhere I look feels like I'm surrounded by all of it from family and friends both talking about it and chastising other friends and family for who they support, and of course the way my brain starts thinking about the what if's to where it feels like I'm drowning in predictions. I can't calm down, I've been on edge for the last several weeks, my usual tricks to calm myself aren't helping. I don't know what to do...It's been two hours and I can't calm myself down.My anxiety is very wierd because it only happens when I am trying to enter on the freeway do I get this panic attack. Once I am on the freeway, I never get any and I am perfectly fine. As soon as I get close to having to enter a freeway, this sudden panic happens to me and I am not able to enter. Literally my body will not allow me to enter the freeway because I am so panicked. Like I literally have to hit the brakes and stop the car, entering very slowly doesn't help at all. Weird thing is, I can only enter this one freeway and only when it's in the morning and when it's on the way to school. If I try to take that freeway to go somewhere else I can't do it. This is really bugging me. I don't know what's wrong with me. I hate having to take the streets to go to far away places. I wish the roads were just empty and I could just enter as slowly as possible so that I can slowly improve but I can never do that because there are always cars. What do I do. How can I make this go away.Some kind of panic attacks while driving?I normally take 100 mg each night, but tonight I took accidentally grabbed a second pill without thinking a few hours after the first.  

Will I be okay? I'm getting nervousAccidentally took double my normal dose of Zoloft...I'm nervous.I've had mixed success with antidepressants, namely Lexapro and wellbutrin. Even when they work, I feel like I've lost the spark in life. Everything feels dull. I want to be off meds, but I'm afraid of the anxiety coming back. I'm going in circles and I just don't know what to do.Feel trapped.So I just started Paxil. Any advice or warnings? Any advice in general? This is new.I've been so hesitant to write this but I think it's finally time. For the last 2 months I've been fighting severe anxiety and panic attacks. They all stem from a bad marijuana trip I had when I -accidently ate way too many edibles (it was my first time and I had a full brownie, a full cookie, sour straws, and gummy bears). It was basically a 4 hour panic attack which landed me in the hospital. The following day the derealization hit me. Ever since then everything has felt a little off. A month after I was feeling fine and dandy until for some reason I googled the symptoms of schizophrenia, that's when I started spiraling into a horrible cycle of me thinking I had schizo and constantly checking if what I heard was real of an auditory hallucination. That wore off after a while and then the fear of psychosis set in, I'm constantly googling "can anxiety cause psychosis" or "symptoms of psychosis". It's literally what I do all day. I should've probably prefaced this by saying that I've had anxiety and panic attacks since I was about 12, I'm 20 now. My mom and dad both went through depression and my dad currently takes medicine for his panic disorder. I guess now I'm just looking for reassurance that I'm not gonna end up crazy or have an episode of psychosis, any advice/support/feedback is greatly appreciated!Anxiety or psychosis ?Hello All, 

I'm looking for some general advice and maybe, more specifically, some CBT exercises I can do by myself as therapy isn't really an option right now. 


Bit of background...

I've had some form of mild anxiety for at least a year now. Nothing too debilitating, until about 6 months ago when my ex and best friend started going out. I'm not in the country anymore and thought I was fine with it until I started getting heart palpatations, tingling and numbness etc. Freaked out, went to hospital, after a load of tests was told it was probably anxiety. I also suffer from IBS which has been a cause of anxiety in the past. I was given dogmatil 50mg for a few weeks. I took it but didn't notice any real difference. 
I've come to terms with my friend and my ex now but the anxiety is still there. 

I have no more awful physical symptoms but almost constant nerves/panic. I seem to permanently feel like I have an exam in 10 minutes. I love to read but I find I can't concentrate or focus on a book anymore, I feel like I only have 2 more minutes before an alarm will go off or something.
What's most annoying is that there isn't anything specific that is causing this... So I don't feel like I can do something to get over it. Like yesterday I felt a bit nervous because I had to go talk to my boss and then, when I did it, I felt much better. But now, generally, there isn't anything to actually feel anxious about so I don't know what to do to make it stop. 
A friend of mine who has been living with anxiety for years said she went to a therapist for CBT and it helped quite a lot. My problem is that I'm in a foreign country with pretty limited mental health facilities. 

So, can anyone offer any advice or recommend some exercises that might help? I want to go back to being a calm and collected person, not a jumbled bag of nerves all the time.

Thanks for reading.

Looking for some advice/cBT exercises to do By myselfI've noticed that in social situations I always feel like I'm faking everything. How I'm sitting, where I look, what I do with my hands. It feels so forced. Especially when I don't know the people I'm with very well. It seems so natural to everyone else, at least everyone else without anxiety. 

It's easier to relax for me if it's just me and 2-3 other people I know well. But I can still internally freak out over some really small stuff, like if I notice I've been tapping my foot, then think about if it was bothering other people because I know repetitive sounds can sometimes bother me. Even though it's so small and I know that no one really actually cares, after I think about it, I get so hyper aware about what I'm doing.  

The latest example of me breaking down over not knowing what to do happened today, actually. It sounds pretty silly when I think about it now because I almost went into a full panic attack thinking about it.

A guy that I like and have been getting to know let me borrow his flannel, because by the time I was leaving his place it was a lot colder. He said I could just give it back the next time I see him, which will be sometime next week. I thought it was cute and nice of him, and a little flirty to say the least. 

But by the time I had driven home, I was already getting anxious over it. I realized that my roommates smoke cigarettes and weed in the house, what if I give it back and he thinks I'm a smoker, and immediately stops talking to me? I've already worn it all night, what if I make it smell gross? Of course I should wash it. But what if he thinks that's weird? Or what if he's sensitive to my laundry soap? Or just doesn't like the smell?

It's almost amazing how fast useless, negative thoughts can come into my head. I was on the verge of a panic attack before I managed to calm down, and try to think about it rationally. 

What I came up with is that he most likely doesn't think my laundry detergent and myself smell bad at all, because who gives their clothes to stinky people? I'll wash it in a few days and give it back. Not a big deal - except for me it was. Almost big enough for tears to be shed. 

I'm trying a lot harder to write down what I'm anxious about, why I'm anxious about it, what I can do to make it better, as well as any thoughts that might be easier to recognize as irrational on paper. It's made me a lot more aware of just how anxious I can really be, though. But I think it's helping. I've just had more social anxiety than ever lately because I've actually been socializing, which is a good thing. Just scary.DAE feel like they don't understand social norms like others do?Does anyone else often feel like their anxiety helps them succeed? My anxiety began ~2 years into college when I really started taking my studies really seriously. At one point I was obsessively studying for 10+ hours a day and was having panic attacks regularly. I've dialed down significantly and no longer have panic attacks too often but I can't help but feel that my anxiety stems from my neuroticism when it comes to my ambitions. I always need to be doing something productive, or else I feel like crap. The irony is that this behavior actually pays dividends and makes me feel like it's somewhat normal. Does anyone else experience this? If so, how did you break out of this loop? Every time I try taking a break from my studies I just end up panicking even more :(.Stuck in a positive feedback loopWish I was exaggerating, but unfortunately I'm not. Anxiety and depression have pretty much destroyed my life. I'm 35 and have accomplished nothing. I have no friends, no SO, no career, nothing. All I have are a string of retail jobs and long periods of unemployment. And all because I can't get passed this shit.

This past year or so has actually been fairly good. But now it feels like I'm on the verge of going back to the state I was in my late teens and early twenties. I don't think I could handle that.

I think about suicide a lot.Yep, my life is badA metaphor for anxiety using car alarmsIt's a long and complicated story but basically to make it short, I've always had a more pessimistic point of view on some things, obsessed/worried a little too much over some other things. Over the past few days something snapped in my head and all those went up from 10 to 100. It's a constant worry/anxiety/nervousness feeling that's always there, makes me feel cold, have trouble falling asleep, not much of an appetite, no energy or motivation to really do anything. It's generally much worse in the mornings than in the evenings but it can be pretty random. For the worse times I have to take sleeping pills to not lie in bed for 2 hours and just obsess over things that wouldn't usually bother me this much.

An important note to make is that I think a lot of this has to do with a friend I have. We've been friends for 7 years, she is my closest friend, I am her closest friend and I love her deeply as a friend. She's great and is doing a lot to help me through this. Over the past some time though (never really figured out when honestly, maybe a year or two) I think I've started developing romantic feelings for her even though she is just naturally not romantically attracted to anyone. I feel like this has a role to play in what's happening to me because most of the things I obsess about are things like "Oh she's just putting up with you and you annoy her" even though I know they're not true.

I started seeking help for this and my first session went relatively well but I was wondering if somebody with a similar experience or any advice at all can help either pinpoint what to do or how to approach this

Thanks in advance.Need help figuring out What I am FeelingI apologise in advance. My posts are always needlessly long. I just include a lot of detail.

I'm 23 and tomorrow is my first driving lesson. Most people already have their license by now or at least but depression/social anxiety/apathy/laziness were in my way.

My dad is forcing me to get a license, one of the things in life you just have to do. Don't get me wrong I understand that it's beneficial to have and all but that doesn't mean I'm excited about it. Like most things.

I got a package that included a bunch of things including 10 driving lessons (which is definitely not enough to pass the test so I'll have to get more lessons in the future). I had to book them all the same day I got the package so I have one lesson tomorrow, one a week after that, one that would weeks after that, 2 the week after that etc. My dad works a physically demanding job and has diabetes so he doesn't really have the energy to practice driving with me a lot. Perhaps once on the weekend. 

So I'll be driving 1 or 2 times (once a week at the drivers school or whatever you call it) per week. Doesn't seem like enough to learn driving that well. Anywho that's not really the point. 

I got some of the theory material, books and stuff, last week and have been looking through it a few hours every day. That might sound like a lot but I've gone through so very little. I'm actually suprised rhst after 2 hours I had read/written like 2 pages. Yea..

So basically right now I'm just going through some stuff, mainly road signs, and writing down what they mean almost verbatim. Why I don't know. If it's verbatim what's the point. I guess it might stick better in my memory if I actually write it instead of just absentmindedly look at the words. 

So. Wrote a lot about nothing.
Tomorrow is my first driving class and I'm nervous. Don't even know how to start a car so gonna be the very basics. The lessons are 1 hour each which feel like a long time to be "stuck" in that situation (although objectively it's good cus you have more time to actually practice).

3 20 am and I'm going through stuff writing it down anxious although but not knowing enough.

Do you guys have drivers licenses or in the process of getting one? UgAnxious about my first driving lesson tomorrowWhy does my brain insist on running and rerunning events of the day? What is the purpose? How do I move on? Ugh. Was at court testifying today, continuing to rerun the events and can't stop. Worried about outcome. Worried about job. Worried worried worried. Need some advice how to deal with that mental replay!Rant: the mental replaySo I've been obsessing over the fear of having diabetes for awhile now. Last night I started to have the feeling like I always needed to urinate but whenever I would try barley anything came out. I got my urine checked today and everything was normal. Is this just my mind playing tricks on me? Anxiety and fear about diabetesHi. few weeks ago i got a sudden panic attack or anxiety attack and that changed my entire life specially since it was sudden and it was related to fear of death i was just sitting and watching something and i just started to feel like i am gonna die now ( it lessened now) went to therapist (1 week now) told me it is just  excessive energy kept inside of me so i need to go out more. and gave me anti depressant stuff without telling me why and it was on the first day.  that's not what's bothering me, what's bothering me is that i can't figure out why i do not have the confidence to live. when i thought " maybe my birthday will be my next lonely " 2 days ago i felt like i do not have the confidence to live to my next birthday. is this a normal thing cause by anxiety ? i know this sounds stupid but i have always been the kind to know if i am gonna die i will die but always had the confidence to live now i just...don't feel that confidence anymore. i just turned 19 btw. I Feel like i lost the confidence to live.What's the best kind of magnesium to take if you're using it for anxiety? I tried a basic Nature Made magnesium supplement and it kind of caused waves of nausea.Want to try a magnesium supplement but are the ones that don't make you feel sick?Ok so I made some new buddies at work, I just got a new job working as a correctional officer and I mainly went for the job to boost my confidence and make me more social. Well anyways these 2 guys ask me if I wanted to go to this place to eat pizza on lunch break so I said sure ill follow you guys in my car, they look at me like wtf? then 5 minutes later I realized they wanted me to ride with them (one of my many socially awkward/ stupid moments) anyways we get there and we order our food and sit down, were all talkin having a good time but for some reason I couldn't eat my food. I got a burger and only ate half and when I took my last bite I had to spit it out into a napkin when they weren't looking because I couldn't swallow it. It was like I was gonna vomit, I felt super embarrassed. I think that's the last time they will ever ask me to lunch again, any ideas why this happened?Can't eat and lose appetite when going out with new people/friendsWrote this last night. For some reason I was having mental breakthroughs and felt compelled to write them down. And post it in spite of the great anxiety doing so gives me (fear of negative evaluation and all that).

At some point you realize that it's more than just shyness. Intimacy provokes fear/anxiety, anxiety provokes avoidance. So you don't learn the right social skills because you don't put yourself in social situations. And as you get older, and you realize how important society and social interaction is, it just suddenly dawns on you just how stunted you are - people spent years and years honing these skills from elementary school to high school, while you spent those years hiding in fear, fortifying the iron bars of introversion you caged yourself in. You try to take the mask off, to break free of that prison, but you realize you spent so long hiding that you never learned how to act, how to be genuine and "normal" around others. The mask is more normal than you are. Like learning a language, the only way to ever be truly fluent is to learn it as a young child. I can gain competency, even working fluency in it, but I'll always be an outsider, an alien stepping into a foreign land and disguising himself as one of its people. My mother tongue will always be different from theirs. Social skills like playing games, sharing secrets, making friends, trust? They were born in it; molded by it. I didn't think about those things until I was already a man, and by then they were nothing to me but distant concepts, buried in the abyss of ancient defense mechanisms and anxious thoughts I call home.
 
And I've been here so long, hiding behind walls of defenses I never even knew existed, I can't even determine what's real, whats true and what's false. I don't trust my own mind anymore. Everything could just be another excuse, another instance where I procrastinate and fail to tackle the real issues. And it makes you feel insane, sometimes, you know? I'm like a victim of self-inflicted solitary confinement. We are social beings by default - we gauge our behavior and moderate our thoughts and beliefs based on those of others. I never had that. I never had the back-and-forth of friendly arguing, the ability to "normalize" my thoughts in accordance with others. I never wanted to play with other kids, never wanted to talk to anyone, I just sought the safety of my room after every school day. That portion of my brain that was supposed to be shaped by intimacy, trust, and friendship is instead shaped by fear and avoidance.

There's more, I posted the rest in r/depression but thought it was a little too much :P. And not something I can TL;DR.What growing up with severe social anxiety feels likeThis is a bit long but here goes nothing:

Im going to university. I feel like im going crazy almost daily. Im already getting psych help but it isn't really helping yet. People think im gay when in reality I just grew up without a father and around girls, and so I grew up without a clear idea of what a man "should" be. Anyways this causes me to not make much male friends because there is still a lot of stigma with gay people here in Mexico. I've got Social Anxiety and Avoidant Personality Disorder.

Most people can just walk the hallways or go to the mall or go to the gym, or eat at the cafeteria, or talk in small groups without thinking twice about it. For me its literally a living hell, chest pounding, palms sweaty, I look super worried (some people can hide/control their facial expressions but for me its pretty much impossible), red faced. I look like a twitchy dude, eyes darting all over the place. People look at me weirdly and even If I don't want to, that shit takes a toll on you, you can't help it.

I have noticed that people passing by through my algebra class stare at me with smirks on the face (not the good kind, the "making fun of you" kind). Trust me when I say this, I got bullied and had no friends through high school, I know what the bully smirk is like.

 

 My social skills suck and im extra anxious with women. I have no friends (except one guy I went to highschool with. I still play csgo with him). I have weird hobbies and look really out of place from what people like over here. I dress a bit different, too. I don't really fit any stereotypes, wich is both a blessing and a curse, and probably one of the reasons I don't really have friends. I just don't fit in anywhere. I get weird looks from people walking the hallways at my university.

Oh yeah I forgot to add I feel like im in the truman show. too long to explain but it sucks. I know its all in my head. knowing that doesnt help.

I don't fit anywhere, Im a loner, I want to die but I don't want to leave my family in pain.Vent pls ignoreFuuuuuuck. I always do this to myself. On the verge of a panic attack its getting hard to breathe. I'm so close to calling it quits to go smoke and forget about life. Fuck i cant handle this stupid college shit anymore

Edit: 2 pages done. Fuck this is hard
Edit 2: 3 pages done and i just cant do anymore.6 page paper is due tomorrow...i have nothing doneHere's a list of some common problems for me.

- Unless I'm drunk, I can't talk to people I don't know. My mind goes blank and I'm afraid of saying something wrong.

- I've had no type of romantic experiences with women(No GF, no first kiss, still a virgin, and generally uncomfortable around attractive women.) And yes, this has had a huge negative impact on my life. Now I have this invisible clock counting me down the older I get, and the more I avoid it.

- A girl rejected me very harshly, and is easily one of the biggest causes for my anxiety.

- I'm afraid of doing things by myself. Going to parties, paying for things, talking to people, etc.

- I overanaylze my emotions, other peoples emotions, my future, my past, my life, my friends, my worth, my appearance.

- I'm afraid to get a job, but I want one.

- I'm sad on how much I missed out on due to anxiety.

- I was suicidal for about my entire teen years.

- My isolation has made my thought process...Scary. Anything that brings me anger, I think of murder. Anything that brings me depression, I think of suicide. Anything that brings me discomfort, I become mute. Anything that gives me fear, I avoid it.
This isn't me. This isn't how I think. My conscious has just turned so evil these past years. I would never harm a soul unless my life was in jeapordy, or they killed someone close to me. 

- I went through therapy for a while, but they kept using "substance abuse" as a crutch. I only drink at parties, and I rarely smoke weed. Depending on the type, it can make me uncomfortable and feel "out of body"

- Daytime brings me huge anxiety. I can't even figure out why, it just does. I may have Agoraphobia.

- Eye contact is hard for me. I can't figure out when it's needed and when it's not. I also don't like getting the eye contact returned. Especially with women. 

- I am trying DESPERATELY to break of anxiety and leave the house on my own. But it's just...too powerful sometimes. Especially when it comes to physical appearance. I've built up myself to be so unnatractive that I don't want people to see me. Even though I know I'm not.
Share any advice you can give me.I struggle with depression/ anxiety. Can't make it to school half the time even on a limited class load, can't apply for a job because I can't realistically ask any employer to depend on me to get to work regularly. Am seeing a psychologist and taking meds. My loved ones are supporting me but I'm 26 and I just feel like such a leech, I can't stand this...

How do you guys find purpose in life even if your abilities are restricted by anxiety or other challenges?How to find purpose in anxiety-ridden life?Title says it all, wondering if any one has tried natural supplements (specifically kava kava or valerian root, but i'm also interested in others) to help manage their anxiety. Has it worked? Has it failed? Are some supplements superior to others? I have read mixed scientific research on both, and am curious if anyone has an anecdotes they would like to share. Thanks. Has anyone tried natural supplements such as Kava kava or Valerian Root to manage anxiety?Wow so this Friday I'm going to go meet up with my universities gaming society. I have no friends and struggle deeply with social anxiety so this is a massive milestone for me. I know no one in the society and it has already been running for a couple of weeks which makes matters worse.


I'm somewhat writing this down to help me prep for it and maybe because I have posted this it will give me more motivation to go. 


Anyone out there had a similar experience of joining a society or club in order to try and make friends? If so how did it go?About to join a university society!DAE wake up this way? Its happened to me the last two days in a row and I immediately have to take an Ativan to even consider going to work. Its almost as if I wake up not knowing who I am and am very disoriented. Its terribly scary. I can't fall back asleep afterwards either because my anxiety is through the roof thinking I'm going to forget who I am.. Anyone?DAE wake Up Terrified?I recently had a med school interview for a school I'm very fond of. I know I have anxiety so I did everything I could to prepare myself for the interview. I followed all the prep guides on line and was ready for it. Then I went to my doctor and got a prescription for propranolol to ease my nerves because I do get anxious. I thought things would go great after all this. 

In the days leading up to the interview I experimented taking propranolol and started with the 10 mg in a single pill and worked my way up to see how things were going when I took it. I was never actually in a hight stress situation when I was taking it, but I did feel calmer. 

Anyways I show up to the interview which is half an hour at the end of a long day where we tour the school etc... normally I'd be nervous as we do other things because I know I'm interviewing at the end, so I guess in that sense things were going well and the mess were working. I had taken like a total of 15 pills that day for 150mg and so I was sure I'd be covered. 

Anyways, I eventually get call in and suddenly my heart is racing again and it's a little tough to breathe. The guy starts asking me really basic questions that I'd fucking prepared for for weeks and was ready to answer but suddenly I'm blanking and I'm not my usual well spoken self. I'm talking about the right stuff but I'm forgetting details, I'm rambling, I can think straight and my delivery is poor. The guy interviewing me must have thought I'm an idiot and not a prospective medical student. 

I'm so mad at myself for being this moron who can't handle high pressure situations. I mean, it wasn't even high pressure, the guy interviewing me was a sweet old man who spoke so softly and kindly. I mean my brain just doesn't react well to things that it thinks are important which sucks because it tends to screw me over for important things.

The worst thing is that I had done everything on my part to prepare myself for what I knew was of huge importance. I prepared weeks in advance and knew exactly what I wanted to say and how to say them, not just that but I game planned for anxiety and even got prescription medication which I took waaaay too much of, so the least that could have happened was that I was calm. 

Instead, I might as well have not studied for the interview because it sure didn't sound like I did and I may as well have not had the medication because 150 mg of propranolol throughout the day did nothing for me. 

My anxiety is screwing my life. That was an interview for my dream career and I can't keep fucking up every important thing in my life because I'm nervous. I mean now I'm second guessing if I should even ever become a doctor. If I can't handle some lame interview with a nice older gentleman, how should I expect myself to work in an emergency room with someone's life in my hands. 

What can I do to help myself. I thought the medication and all that preparation for the interview would leave me fine. I'm a smart young man but I can't convey it to anyone because when I do I freak out and revert to some nervous wreck. I wanted to talk about my experiences eloquently and confidently so that they know the truth, instead it sounded like I hardly knew what I'd done in the past. 

What should I do? I have more interviews but can't think of ways to overcome my problem. Should I go ask for different medication? If so, what kind? 

What do you guys do to prepare for an interview when you have anxiety?Can I just vent for a second and also ask for advice about a recent interview I had? I'm really pissed off at myself and about how everything went down.As the tittle says I'm going to go talk to someone tommrow for the first time since I was 12. I'm 24 now and have been self medicating with cannabis for years what should i talk to them about and should I tell them about my cannabis use.  I live in California with a medical cannabis card. Sorry if this doesn't make sense. Going to talk to a psychologist tomorrowI was clicking through a bunch of videos on Youtube wasting time before a class, and I found Chris Hadfield's Ted talk about [going blind in space](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zo62S0ulqhA).

He spent a lot of time discussing why when this happened, he didn't *completely panic*, like basically all human beings SHOULD panic in that situation. 

Anyways, exposure therapy doesn't work for everyone, but I was surprised to realize that some of the coping techniques I have for handling my anxiety (preparing, practicing, and finally just doing the damn thing over and over again), are used to train people to handle life threatening situations. There's a fuse loose in my head that makes me feel like I'm blind on a spacewalk every time I go on a first date, but since I started going on more of them, figuring out how to prepare, they're going better.

In any case, I haven't ever really thought about how "anxiety" is a misplaced "primal fear" reaction. It makes me feel WAY less self conscious about having anxiety to think about it that way. 

Also I was very comforted that Chris Hadfield is as alarmed by brown recluse spiders as I am.

What do you all think?Chris Hadfield's Perspective on "Primal Fear"Ok so first and foremost, I know people can suffer from anxiety living 100% sober lifestyle.

That being said, I just want to share that quitting smoking pot has been the best thing I could have done for my anxiety.

If anyone on this sub is smoking and experiencing anxiety, consider quitting. I was super anxious the first weekish, but after that I'm feeling SIGNIFICANTLY better. My daily anxiety went from about a 5 to a 0, and I haven't had a panic attack since I started to normalize.

Sorry if this is inappropriate for this sub, but I just feel like I want to shout this from the rooftops, that weed may be exacerbating your anxiety, not curing it as I once believed. Just try it for a month and if you don't feel better, spark up again but BOY am I glad I quit.

Shout out to /r/leaves as well.I quit smoking potHi, I want to share my story. It started when I was 13 years old, drank energy drink at 11:00 AM after that I felt as sick. At night I vomited, since then I feel my heart beat, I'm sweating, I have chills , until now it's four years. In my 15 years I tried weed (joint), it was really bad for my mental health. Next morning, everythink was fine but after 1 week I woke up with this feelings, like I have empty in head, anhedonia + symptoms from energy drink. Now I 'm 17 years old and I feel like empty can someone help me please ?My storyI fantasize about suicide sometimes but I'm always to freaked out to do it. I was raised as a Christian and I'm scared of living but too scared to do it because of going to hell. 

I don't even classify as a Christian anymore but it still scares me sometimes.Anyone else have suicidal moments?I was recently put on Effexor XR for anxiety and Seroquel for insomnia after having a bad reaction to Prozac. I've read good things about Effexor but I've also read some not so good things about the side effects. I'm just really worried about the side effects. Especially the big one of mixing the Seroquel with the Effexor. Today is my first day of taking it. So far I'm feeling pretty tired and a slight shortness of breath (but that may be just from anxiety or the fact that I smoke). Any advice or reassurance would be nice. Effexor XR and SeroquelI have this off and on, but since starting a new job 3 weeks ago it has been ghastly. I wake up and feel fine, but as it gets closer and closer to the time I have to leave for work the anxiety builds and builds until sometimes I am physically ill, and end up staying home curled up in a ball in bed shaking for an hour before I can start to calm down. I need this job- I have bills to pay, but even when I force myself through it there is an agonizing feeling until I'm started on my work tasks. How do I get past this daily torture? It's taking so much out of me.Morning anxiety? How do I get past this to go to work?I found this sub just now. I hope this is relevant.

Basically about a month ago I started a new job for a fairly big supermarket chain. I didn't get to chose what department area I was put in. I've been doing really well (according to management) and settling in fine (this has been my first job since the beginning of the year, after dropping out of school and leaving my old retail job which I'd had for five years due to anxiety and severe depression).

Up until this weekend. Over something fairly minor as me not knowing I was supposed to be in a different area (I hadn't been shown the rota that tells you where you are - I had my own paper rota and assumed I was in the same place I always was) therefore I didn't have the relevant uniform on, I was stood a few feet away from where I heard several of my coworkers say rude things about me and basically accuse me of lying to my supervisor. Over something I had no idea about. I started crying, on the verge of walking out, said supervisor walked over to comfort me and told me I wasn't in any trouble. The rest of the day I avoided the other area as much as possible, came home crying to my family and vowed to try and switch departments next time I was in.

Tomorrow is my next shift; I will have to find someone to talk to and see if it's possible. This is one of the best companies to work for, yet I am so worried they're going to fob me off and make me stay in that particular section. I am willing to take a cut in hours, and I know they have plenty of spaces in other departments as they are still hiring. 
I am so, so afraid to go in and face everyone. I ended up in hospital last night because I felt I was on the edge of a mental break down. I can't afford to quit/leave, I am looking for other work just in case this doesn't work out, but considering I was lucky to get this job after however many months of searching and applying, I'm not holding much stock in getting lucky.. I'm not a massively confrontational person, but I'm scared they're going to claim I'm overreacting. Any advice would be so so appreciated. Thanks for listening.Scared of going to workI dunno where I'm going with this. I'm sitting on the floor of one of the bathrooms in my office on an "emergency bathroom break" while stuff is piling up at my desk.

I've had to deal with anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember, even before I knew what it was. I've gone my whole life putting on a smile and carrying on. Fake it till you make it, yeah? It's gone on long enough that I've gotten very good at it, and I feel like I'm not ever taken seriously when the cracks show because of it. I can't talk to anyone, because all I get is "oh you seem fine." And I can feel the glares of every doctor I see thinking I'm just there for drugs, because I'm not visibly shaking constantly.

Meanwhile, I'm afraid to go out on the patio at work on the 8th floor of the building, because I just stare at the edge and can't get the thoughts of jumping out of my head. I constantly feel like I'm a thousand pounds and can barely move, I'm so tired, I get dizziness, nausea, and Headaches constantly, I struggle to sleep more days than not, and am constantly terrified that people hate me, that I'm not taking care of my cat well, that I'm going to be fired, and any number of other things.

Every doctor I've been to in the past 5 years has either tried to scam me or barely talks to me for less than 5 minutes every few months, again not taking me seriously, and trying to even find one is near impossible, because I can't drive, talking on the phone terrifies me, and I'm terrified of spending money. Even though I have insurance, I'll never meet the deductible, so it's all just me stating at 200 dollar bills when I have 500 in my bank account and feeling mortified. Plus, none of what they have done has ever seemed to help.

I know logically it's a matter of trying things until you get what's good for you, but I'm spending money I don't have on people who are hard to find, won't work with me, and won't take me seriously for what has up until now been ineffectual treatment, if not an outright scam. It's hard to get motivated.

I can't get the feeling out of my head that if I just let it happen, had a real, hardcore meltdown, tried to jump, broke down crying and hid under my desk, stormed into a doctor's office and declared myself suicidal, that maybe for once I would be taken seriously, but I can't afford to lose that social capital. My job, the way people view me, it would all get worse, so I'm left here smouldering rather than going up like a bonfire in hopes that someone would throw a bucket of water on me.I feel like I'm punished for being strong.Been seeing an overwhelming amount of fear mongering on just about every social media site. This is is coming from people who support Hillary, or Trump or whoever. That shit doesn't help, considering I'm pretty damn scared something awful is going to happen in the next few months. 


Like a couple of days ago when that one guy's internet went out, the amount of times that bit of news was on r/all was terrifying.  Am I overreacting, though? Does anyone else feel so damn uncomfortable because of all of this shit? You wouldn't believe how many times a day I tell myself to just end my life because things aren't going to get better. This fucking sucks because I have depression and anxiety for reasons other than the fear mongering. That just adds to how overwhelmed I am and it makes me sick.


Regarding the election, I don't care about anyone. I don't post anything about them on facebook or instagram, or just my political thoughts, in general. A lot of my friends are very left leaning. I'm not so much, as I used to be. I'm terrified that if I say something that they don't like, I'll be completely ostracized. There's a guy I went to school with who obviously doesn't have many left leaning opinions and occasionally he'll post something on facebook about something political. When he does, people will come out of the woodworks to give him shit about every little thing. What gets me is that this guy isn't being offensive or rude. What really scared me about this is that all of these people I went to school with work in or are trying to work in the same industry(commercial art, but most of them went to school for comics). The industry is very small and people talk and word gets around. This guy is probably already blacklisted because these people can't handle the fact that people simply have different opinions. 



I'm a black lgbt woman( I guess). If I say something that doesn't fall in line with the thinking of the majority of black people, then I'm an uncle tom. Same with women and lgbt people except then I'm a "traitor". Because I'm a black lgbt woman, I'm expected to be very liberal. I hate that so damn much. I've witnessed on tumblr that anyone who does not fall in line, they get doxxed or just publicly shamed. On the flip side of this, though, you have the alt right people who make me feel completely subhuman. 


I don't feel welcome anywhere, I'm scared to be myself and I'm scared for the state of the world. I'm scared of someone being put in office who will do nothing but start more international conflicts, I'm scared of nuclear war, I'm scared of going to war with Russia, but most importantly, I'm scared that I can't do anything to stop anything awful from happening because I'm so insignificant. 
This election and the increase in fear mongering is insane and is a huge reason why I've felt so suicidal this past year.How long does it take to build tolerance for xanax?So I (24F) have a history of panic attacks and having them at work. I've had a series of unsuccessful attempts at staying employed. My longest duration has been 7-8 months. I usually stop going in because of panic attacks and anxiety. I have tried going to a counselor/therapist but they are too expensive for me to handle, and my parents can't pay for them, and our insurance barely covers routine checkups. I have also asked my family/general doctor for help, and have gone to several doctors, but they always recommend a depression med and say they can't do anything else beyond that. I've tried several and was on one for several years and none of them helped with panic attacks.  

After about a year of being unemployed again I've got a new job. It pays really well and, if I play my cards right, will help fund a car/moving out of my parents' house. It's not something I want to make a career out of, but I desperately need some job experience on my resume, and the money, because the parents are getting sick of supporting me and it is causing a lot of problems.

Problem is, I've felt panic attack symptoms nearly every day since I started. I start sweating, feel way too hot, can't breathe, can't think. My face gets red and customers take notice. I haven't gotten faint yet thankfully but I'm still fighting through the symptoms.

It's worse when I'm talking to someone, or don't know how to do something. This job doesn't give you a ton of training, and even my coworkers have commented that you kind of have to wing it to start with. I'll be explaining the benefits of x product to a customer and suddenly run out of breath. The place I work at is usually bombed too and always busy. 

I'm super nervous about my coworkers' perceptions of me. I really don't want them to think of me as the super sweaty girl who can barely talk to people. And I really need this job.

Anybody have any idea what I could do to prevent the panic attacks? Can't Stop having panic attacks at workHey, just as the title might suggest I have been having trouble with my anxiety and as an extension my interpersonal relationships. On Saturday I had a panic attack for the first time in over a good handful of months and it scared like the legit piss out of me so badly that I ran out of my house for an impromptu walk. 

On Sunday I had a panic attack because my mom tried to call me and I already have horrible anxiety with phone calls so I ended up ignoring her at first under the thought that I'd just call her back later. Cue text message about how she worries and wants me to text her RIGHT NOW. Panic. Exhausted weekend. 

Now on Monday I was totally out of it, I hadn't been getting the best sleep due to the unbridled panic and as I'm walking to work, I have another one. Outside this time, so I'm wandering and pacing the cemetery I walk through to go to work trying to calm my poor little heart to no avail. I get into work panicked and 5 minutes early. 

I'm moving soon and I highly doubt all of these inane bouts of anxiety are caused by it. I think and thought at one point it was related to my mother, whom of which I don't have the best mother/child relationship, but I'm honestly not sure at all. 

My boss ended up telling me yesterday morning that my attitude isn't conducive to our work and I told her I would at least talk to her about it but I've been running away ever since. She's been trying to call me and get in touch but I keep distancing myself before I can just go with the flow. She gave me a hug too and I can't help but feel so useless that I can't just talk normally to her. Like I can feel her frustration when I don't call her back and it kills me.'I want to be vulnerable and open with you!' /runs awayhi guys,

Ive been suffered of social phobia, fatigue and chronic anxiety all my my life.

Finally found that a im a overmethylator and ive pyroluria.
So 2 weeks ago I started the treatment with high doses of zinc and B6, P5P ans after few days i was feeling really better !

But since 2 days im feeling really tired, my sleep is not good, im tired in the morning, feel anxious all the time !

I don't know if i must decrease or increase the dosage of B6 and zinc ?

Thx guyseffects of pyroluria treatmenti have been feeling a strange "off" feeling that I can only classify as lightheadedness and almost dizzy feeling throughout the day. All tests came back normal, and doctor said it could be vertigo... but i've never had a problem being in a car/amusement park ride or anything before this year. Anxiety?Lightheaded/ vertigo feeling?I've been suffering from anxiety attacks for over six years now. I am now close to thirty. I went through "flashes" when I was younger, which I didn't pay much attention to as I was always high on weed and thought it was caused by a "bad high", but I now know that it was mild anxiety. I go through different levels of anxiety attacks - my normal symptoms are; an intense warm feeling around my brain, a feeling that the world is closing in on me and I can hear my thoughts very loud and clear which feels very unnatural and uncomfortable. My worst fears are presented in my head in an overwhelmingly negative and terrifying way and thoughts like "what if I never come out of this" runs through my mind each time - I basically think I'm going to go crazy... And then it just goes away.

From what I've gathered online, anxiety can be triggered by fears and stress that your brain doesn't recognise which is why it occurs so suddenly, without a warning and without you really understanding why. That is probably the least comprehensive explanation ever but it makes sense to me as I often suffer from anxiety attacks when I'm supposed to be in a good mood. Like, when something great is happening and I'm around people I love. I carry a lot of guilt from my past and I often feel that I don't deserve the life I have managed to create for myself so my theory is that when something great happens to me, my brain, either consciously or subconsciously, brings up these feelings of being undeserving which ultimately triggers an anxiety attack. On other occasions, I can get anxious simply by seeing or hearing something very upsetting. I am particularly vulnerable and susceptible to anxiety when I'm hungover. There's a variety of triggers. I also believe that my diet, the amount of sleep I get and whether or not I'm working out plays a massive role in this as well.

Anxiety is such a ruthless bastard.

I have never been in touch with a doctor nor have I gone through any cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) but I did work out an effective method on my own. I basically decided that I would not allow this undesirable intruder to have such an impact on my life, so every time I suffered an anxiety attack, I basically told it to f*ck off - sometimes even out loud. I started breathing in from my nose and out from my mouth, similar to what you do when you meditate, and told myself that it was all in my head, that anxiety is a pathetic trick being played on my mind, and that it would pass shortly - and it always did. The key to success here was my attitude towards anxiety - I simply would not allow it to be anything more than it really was.

I always try to think of something really positive, like my girlfriend's laughter or something great that is coming up, like a vacation, just to channel my thoughts towards something positive when I get an attack. Fighting off the negative thoughts and focusing on positive ones can be the difference between a long and painful "episode" and a mild and short one. Pick up that mental axe, or sword, whichever weapon you prefer, and go to battle with your anxiety when it attacks - it is not as powerful as it seems. 

I used to allow my anxiety to get the best of me, mainly because I did not understand what it was and why it wouldn't go away, which really frightened me. I thought I was loosing it mentally, like I was going to start hearing voices or something (one of my biggest fears is mental illnesses as I have friends who've had terrible psychoses) but that was just me giving in to my fears, so I decided to fight it and it really worked wonders for me.

It always feels terrible at first, that initial feeling is unavoidable, so you cannot ignore it, you need to acknowledge it, see it for what it is, that it's all in your mind, and deal with it accordingly. 

I am not anxiety free, but I get it much less now and when I do, I know how to respond to it, which makes it much easier to deal with.

Having anxiety attacks, and learning how to deal with them, has actually made me realise that I am much stronger than I ever thought I was. Anxiety is a powerful enemy, but I was never, and will never be conquered by it. I actually take great pride in this. In a nutshell, you need to convert something that seems overwhelmingly negative into something positive. Just remember that it will be a struggle but that every win is a profound victory and has to be recognised as such - again, focus on the positives.

Lastly, I don't think anti depressants is a long term answer, I think you need to fight it from within in order to find a way to live side by side with this beast.

All the best of luck to you all.

FYI - The post has been edited once. I amended a few misspellings and rephrased a few sentences to make it more readable. The overall message and meaning behind the text remained the same.

Thanks.My anxiety attacks and how I found a way to deal with this ruthless beast.I have been with my boyfriend for three years and we discovered recently that he have anxiety disorder. We first got to the emergency clinic because he felt that his legs were weak. The doctor said immediately that it was because he had anxiety problems. She prescribed him Lexapros and he took 30 mg of them on every morning for a couple of weeks. He started to complain about some side effects who were: sexual dysfunction, suicidal thoughts and drowsiness. We even got to the hospital because he started to cry when he was at work and couldn't stop. 

So the doctor changed his medication and he started to take 50 mg of Pristiq on every morning. He started on saturday morning and now he says that he feel irritable, that he have trouble sleeping and some sexual dysfunctions. The thing is... I know he can be hypochondriac. When he has headaches, he sneaks on the internet and is really anxious about cancer. He just feels better when a nurse or a doctor tell him it's nothing. So... can it be the same with those side effects? Can he be anxious about them and feel them more? He sneaked on the internet when he started Lexapros and Pristiq and read all about them! Is it just normal to have a lot of side effects? What can I do to help him feel better? Sometimes, I feel that he talks a lot about it with friends, family and coworkers to attract the attention and feel more accepted and listened. Am I wrong? Should I be more open with it? I don't want to do something wrong because I love him. Thank you a lot for your help!

I'm sorry, english is not my first language so I'm not very good when I try to write my thoughts rapidly.
[Edit : Spelling error.]My boyfriend of 3 years says that he have a lot of side effects when he is treated for anxiety with lexapro or pristiqI am on day 3 of antidepressant drug and i don't know if that is making this harder or if life is catching up to me.  I have been procrastinating at too many things... I do what I have to but it is becoming that I am not able to handle the minimum.  

I feel broken, and weak.  I am having trouble collecting my thoughts as i write this.   

I am getting emails rignt now i thought you were going to get me that quote.  it is an easy quote should take me 2 hours to get it out but i can't and I don't know why.  i  don't even have an excuse as to why.

I don't know what is happening.  I don't know if it can be fixed either.   

/Edit:  Thank you for the responses, this morning I was having a panic attack, my first one.  Being almost 40 and trying to keep my depression at bay on my own has caught up with me.  I decided to try medication and therapy, the medication amplified my emotions quicker than I anticipated.  I was able to take the rest of the week off, and go see the mental health nurse today.  Now I feel normal, and looking back I wonder if I over reacted.  I almost expected to identify feelings that were induced by the drug and regular feelings.  Venting here really helped me calm down, Thank you!


//Edit2: I want to say I have read and reread all of your comments, Thank You.  It really helped to hear from you yesterday.  Sitting at the front door of my house in a suit and tie crying because I can't gather the courage to go to work.Title says it all, I have to dance in front of the whole school. This Friday will be the most mortifying experience of my life (so far), I'll check back on this post once it's over to see if I was able to do it. 
Edit. I will post pictures if available 
Edit.2. I survived Well, this year I'm on the homecoming court and my school requires me to dance with a partner in front of the entire school in the gym.Been on Celexa for 3 weeks, as of today. My first week on was actually great - besides a few minor side effects. I felt relaxed more, I wasn't having my lower abdominal discomfort or skin pain. Then I got some stressful news after 7 days on (boyfriend's bar exam results coming out) - and that sent me into a bit of a tailspin. My stomach stuff came back, which made me upset. 

I've had some off and on good days vs. bad, but I'm back in bad again. I got more stressful news again two days ago (boyfriend's mom might have breast cancer again) and I think that fucked me up abdominal-wise again. I was so certain lots of my problems were being caused by anxiety, but now I'm not sure anymore. Do I just continue to give the meds more time to settle in my body? 

I just saw my PCP last week, and at the time - I'd been doing decently well. It frustrates me that I'm back to feeling like I always do, that I'm back to worrying about the state of my health. Anyone have any advice out there? Was I experiencing some kind of placebo effect from the meds? I'm just really sad again about everything.Celexa, Placebo effects and things...I get sick a lot. I went to a doctor out of curiosity one time explaining my symptoms. They did a full checkup and bloodwork, all fine. Told me it was probably stress and I agreed and said I just wanted to make sure. I felt much less worried about my health at that point even though I still felt sick often. I would continue to push myself and think "what's the worst that could happen?". But then I got my answer to that. I broke out in a cold sweat, had severe stomach pain, lost both my hearing and sight, heart started making a clicking noise and became so fast that I lost feeling in my legs and fell to the ground in complete darkness. I apparently also went into convulsions. After waking up from it, I have to stay on bed rest for a day or it will happen again and just keep getting worse. Not to mention it scares the shit out of me each time. I visited a doctor again explaining what happened. More tests, no answers. I continued to pass out if I pushed myself while feeling sick. Diagnosed with vasovagal syncope but that puts me in the category of those who collapse and get woozy over blood or other fear driven events. Mine are not like that at all. It doesn't happen when I'm nervous about something or see blood/mutilation/etc. It happens when I'm shopping. It happens when I stand up after waking up. It happens when I'm sitting down and studying or working.  
This has in turn severely amplified how I perceive my health problems since before I just ignored them but now I realize the consequences of that. However, the doctors feel as though I should continue to ignore them and just accept that I will pass out sometimes. I feel like this is getting a bit ridiculous and crossing the line of brain washing vs appropriate medical care. Does that sound crazy? Is anyone in a similar situation? Am I just being over dramatic? I guess I'm looking for validation here because I'm not sure if I've lost my mind as the more I talk to doctors, the more they are making me believe I am. I'd just like to know if the ordinary person would be pretty worried and continue to seek help.  Does anyone faint from things that are not fear-related?Let me start off by saying I love reading this thread, it's nice knowing I'm not alone. I have had anxiety since I can remember. Developed OCD in high school (didn't know that's what it was at the time, thought I was going insane) and when my anxiety gets so bad, it turns into depression, making it hard to function. It usually happens after an event I've been practicing for for a long time ( Gmat, triathlon) and after huge life change ( recently a new job) is it normal to be feeling like this? I always subconsciously thought once I found a good job I would be happy.. not the case. Like what's next? How do you all deal with this? I've been seeing a therapist for awhile now, and recently started meditating. It seems to be helping a little bit, but omg the vomiting all night, the dry heaving, the worthless feelings, it's getting overwhelming. I should also note I am a full time grad student... I think im too swamped and very overwhelmed right now. Any advice would be greatly appreciatedSevere anxiety followed by agonizing depressionI take two pills when I wake up and two more eight hours into the day. I have not felt this level and clear headed since I was a child. It's like looking at the world through new eyes. I can actually have fun again and enjoy life again. Everything is so slowed down now and not at a racing fast pace in my mind. Have any of you tried buspar or are currently on it? What are your thoughts? Is it helping you?

Edit: And I am not so damn worried about every little thing all the time anymore  I have just started busparTomorrow I fly.  I also have crippling anxiety when it comes to being on an airplane.  I think those with this condition will understand my title.

I take Xanax for the flight, but instead of a sharp knife entering my abdomen, its a dull knife.Hugging my family goodbye for the last time tonightHey all,

I only recently started delving into my anxiety problems after a doctor I was talking to about possible other issues made it clear that I have an anxiety disorder of some kind. While I've been putting together the pieces here and there I've been learning a lot. One thing my wife and I have found is that I suffer from trigeminal neuralgia, or basically pain in my jaw joint. One thing we notice is that an anxiety tick I have is teeth grinding and clicking. It's subconscious and I've had to work hard to see it myself or have others tell me it happens, even when I sleep. It varies a during the day from some grinding but mostly a sort of rhythmic clicking (I used to drum) to a sort of mental drum beat. I'm considering getting some sort of mouth guard to wear (I work alone most of the day) to wear when I'm zoning out to minimize the wear on my jaw. Has anyone suffered from something similar? Subconscious teeth grinding?Hi all

I feel like my anxiety (which has only come on the past few months) and stifled my thinking. Especially my memory and creativity. Is this the case for anyone else? Any causes to this?Anxiety effects on Memory and CreativitySo, lately I have school, work and marching band. It's taking up most of my time and I'm used to having a lot of time to chill out and calm myself down. I have been feeling like I'm going to throw up, my stomach cramps up and I have to use the bathroom, and I start sweating and shaking. This happens to me everyday and my heart feels so weak and like it's going to break. I can't breathe sometimes and this is every single day. I have a concert 4 hours away tomorrow and it's my little "vacation" and I'm so excited, but I'm so terrified I'll be sick on the car ride or have to use the bathroom. I don't want to ruin my whole two days I have for fun. What do I do?Anxiety making me physically ill. Help, please.One time, I asked my mom out of the blue if she knows some psychiatrist but she just said "no why? are you getting crazy or something?". The thing is, she doesn't know what going on in my mind, nobody does actually. She thinks that I'm fucking happy She doesn't know that everyday I keep thinking killing myself is better than experiencing this..."thing" that locked me in chains and threw me in a very deep well, unable to do anything. I keep asking myself everyday "I can't see my future anymore so why live?". I know it's not normal to think about all this so I want to see a psychiatrist and thought maybe they can help me see my future again but I don't know how to tell my mom and I'm afraid she won't take me seriously.How to tell my mom that i want to go to a psychiatristI have anxiety and depression. Recently been having issues with my depression but I seem to be getting past it with a bit of routine in my life.

However I have a birthday party tonight for a friend and I'm panicking. Feelings of "I can't go, I seriously can't go" conflicting with "I'm going to let her down and she's going to hate me, I HAVE to go or she'll be disappointed in me". Social events are so out of routine (they kept changing the plans 2 or 3 times, including the day of the event once!) and I don't know what to expect, so they make me feel worse anxiety than normal. Sorry for kind of being all over the place - that's how I feel right now! I wish I had asked my therapist for medication to help me with these hard times when my anxiety is really kicking in. My daily meds help but only with day to day life. Dealing with things beyond that seems impossible.

Anyway I really don't know what to do and I feel like I could just use a human haha. Should I just force myself to go? I seriously feel like throwing up just even thinking about it. I don't want to ruin her get together either. Heeelp.help appreciated - I don't know what to doLast night had I just gotten home and was going inside when I felt a burning in my stomach. The sensation then went to my face and my head felt pressurized. I got some fresh air and tried to stand up. As soon as I was on my feet  my ears started ringing. I walked a total of 7 steps before I couldn't see anymore and was walking like I was drunk. Made it inside. Couldn't do my math homework. Started seeing oddities like triangles and squares. And I could hear a noise I couldn't replicate if I even wanted too. Not even sure what happened. I've been on anxiety meds for over a year. Any helps or words of wisdom would be great. First anxiety attackSo in a strange moment of clam, I realized I really want to do more study, but not part time (I have been doing part time study for the past year and it is ridiculously hard to work full time and motivate yourself to come home and do reading and essays etc.).

So i have been looking online and talking to some people and here are my options:

-Do a teaching qualification: I always wanted to do teaching, but my anxiety has completely kept me from this, I have the grades etc. to do it though, but it means moving and trying to get another loan etc...

-Counseling: I did psychology at school and have done some courses on counseling, I have ALWAYS been interested in it (because i would love to help others with the same issues as myself).

-Theology course: I did my degree in theology and I can do a 2 year course which would mean I could work as something within the church (not leading it or anything just as staff).

-Teach English as a foreign language: Have helped to do this in the past, but I am not sure how i would cope with going to another country.

Anyway these are just some ideas, but what is keeping me from deciding is:
- Anxiety (obviously)
-Money worries (not for the teaching English, but I can't get student loans because i have a degree)
-Scared people would think i am stupid for going back to uni (I have just turned 23 so i am not really old compared to others in Uni)
-Will i get work? (Counseling and teaching have a lot of competition here and few jobs)
-Just started work (I got a job and owe it to the employer to stay a while as he has had to train me)

Sorry for the wall of text, I want to speak to someone in rl, but thought taking it to you cool people would help me to figure things out!

What would you do?

tldr: Sick of being stuck where I am and am thinking of either taking a chance and going back to Uni to do counseling or teaching, or teaching English or working for a church.Thinking of going back to University or making some kind of change but not sure... Any advice?I spoke to my mom about my anxiety finally and she said she's going to take me to a therapist soon. What should I expect I go to therapy sessions?[Advice Needed] Finally going to a therapist soon, what should I expect?So after years of breathing exercises, trying to look at things positively, I ended up going to the doctor last week. And took my first 5mg of lexapro today. Wonder how this will turn out. I honestly can't remember what is it not like to have anxiety anymore. 

In College I was certain I have cancer or a tumour. And grad school is just an endless barrage of "your are not good enough" thoughts. After countless panic attacks and twitching and crying for no good reason I am ready for a new beginning. 

Here's to me I guess. Started taking lexapro today.Ok so after trying to find people with a similar issue on google and not being able to word it right, i'm going to see if anyone can help me on here. I have never had a full blown actual panic attack, and I don't know if I can. Instead what seems to happen is that I can identify that i am feeling panicky, as if I am about to have a panic attack, and I can somewhat calm myself down. However, I then get very intense and very short bursts of panic, which i think is around the same as in a real, much longer panic attack. I am immediately able to calm myself physically, but mentally, I am still stressing over whatever initially caused the anxiety. I hate this because it feels like my mind is trying to pull my body down to its panicked level, but i logically won't let it do that? I'm not looking for tips or help in that sense really, I'm just trying to see if anyone knows of or has had a similar experience. I think if I am able to better identify exactly what's happening, I'll be better able to help myself. help with weird (almost) anxiety/panic attacks (help me identify what's happening)I'm a 22yo male and my mind is a complete blank slate. I didn't used to be like this. My life has been flipped upside down and it began in march this year. I was washing some dishes at work and In an instant, almost like the flip of a switch, reality 'changed' in a way... It felt like all I could focus on was what was in front of me, my hands and the water. 

Everything at my job seemed foreign yet familiar to me after that. It felt VERY weird to see people I had seen every day. There were no thoughts going on in my mind from that moment and deep down I was frightened, I still am. 

Now let me say this, I am the type to get kind of stressed often just because of work or whatever it may be but I don't hold onto it for awhile, I usually shrug it off for later. So having anxiety or being depressed was the last thing that i thought could be wrong with me. I saw a doctor a couple months ago, got blood work done and all that, and nothing came back abnormal.

This is haunting me and I feel like I'll never be able to be myself again. I feel 'slow' in a sense now, I can't remember what I had for lunch sometimes or what was just said an hour ago. I can barely bring up memories or even try to remember certain things, but there is no 'feeling' that comes with it. I remember going to my buddies place after this all started, and walking in his house felt insane to me. It was like I was seeing it for the first time, and when I saw him I was so nervous because I didn't know what to say and I ended up just leaving early. 

These days I'm honestly feeling like I'm losing my mind. Not in a crazy way, but that my mind is literally fading away. I want to cry so much sometimes and it's hard to even try to get it to come out, most of the time it doesn't. I compare to being a tv with the back light on, but no picture. Typing this in itself was a chore, I used to be very quick witted. Could this be from my stress and it's caught up with me? I want to get an MRI done just to make sure everything is ok up there. This is no way to liveis it normal to experience an ever lasting 'Mental block' with anxiety/depression?I want to go back to Celexa, as I felt SO much better mentally and physically on that drug. However, my doc started transitioning me away from it due to insomnia and sexual dysfunction concerns. Do those issues ever resolve with time? I can't keep feeling like I'm going to throw up.Wellbutrin is making me feel horrible. Has anyone else experienced insomnia with Celexa? Does it ever go away?Hi all, I've been floating around here for a while reading posts and occasionally commenting but have never posted before. 

I've been having palpitations/flutters on and off for a few months now.   There seems to be no pattern to them, they seem to be completely random. They can happen when  I'm in bed at night,  when something makes me panic, when I'm sat at my desk working or when I'm just watching telly.  I went to the doctor about them a few weeks ago as they were starting to really worry me and the doctor I saw was great. She booked me in for extensive blood tests and an egg and then asked me to book a follow up appointment as if everything came back negative she wanted to give me a monitor to wear for 24 hours to get a better idea of if anything was going on or not. 

Went back today for my follow up appointment which was with a different doctor as the one I saw before was a locum so isn't there often.  And this doctor was absolutely effing useless.. He could not have made me feel worse or been any less help if he tried.   He said all my bloods were fine,  the ecg was fine and then went on to tell me the reasons why you might notice your heart more...  Caffeine (irrelevant -  I don't have caffeine anymore), stress, blah blah blah.  So basically everything I could find out myself from a quick Google.  I said that the last doctor and the nurse who had done my blood and ecg had said they wanted me to have the monitor to take home and wear and he said he didn't see the point. 

He said 'it's probably nothing, don't worry about it' and then asked if that put my mind at rest..  To which my response was 'no, not really', so he explained all over again about caffeine and how I'm 'probably fine'.  After that I'd had enough so I just left. 

I'm soo annoyed :( my boyfriend is absolutely fuming at them for just dismissing me like that without any effort to try and figure out what is wrong.   I think it's anxiety related to be honest, but what I want is for someone to actually ask some questions (which I honestly thought they would) as I just don't have the confidence to go in and say 'I think I have anxiety'.   It's not something I've ever spoken to anyone about other than my boyfriend, but I've suspected it for a while now. 

I suffer with ibs as well which really sets off anxiety,  I'm extremely introverted, really quiet and shy around people I don't know, have had some minor panic attacks in the past.  Have had a bit of a rough time with family problems, a really shitty relationship with my ex that's left me really untrusting and with very little confidence, been made redundant nearly twice in my current job (which I hate) and think I'm going to be made redundant in January and about what feels like a million other things health wise and in life in general. 

I'm really lucky they I have my boyfriend,  he suffers with anxiety himself so is absolutely amazing.  But now I'm just.........  I don't know. I don't want to go back to the doctors, I'm so fed up with them and I hate going there.  I've had a lot of appointments recently about a lot of different things and I'm worried that my work is going to get sick of me constantly needing time off.  And I just don't have much faith in the doctors at all now. 

Anyone got any advice on how I can deal with the anxiety and palpitations myself? Or anyone been in any kind of similar situation?

I don't really know what I'm asking really, I just really needed to vent about everything as it's getting a bit much, especially after today's doctors appointment. 

Massive thanks to anyone that's actually read all of that! Palpitations and the most useless doctor..so annoyedI mean like ditch nightschool or work just to relax and chill ?

i always feel really guilty doing it but it really helps sometimes and i try not to overdo it.Do any of you sometimes take a personal day ?So, okay, idk how to write this without it sounding like bragging, but the teen&gt;young adult transformation was fairly generous, and i still remained that same nerd that can get straight A's without any effort.

So the only variable changing was me becoming attractive, and I just feel wrong, sad and like this world is all completely devoid of any justice.Am i wrong?I stare at people unintentionally, particularly the opposite gender. I hate doing this when I realise, and it makes the situation awkward. It makes me feel bad.

I tend to accidentally do it for 1 SECOND and they notice. I wish I could've reversed the situation.

Do you guys have this? I'm thinking maybe it's not being confident, and comfortable in the situation to hold a conversation. 
Do you Stare at people unintentionally, Particularly at the opposite gender?Hello.

I'm having a very rough time.

I live in constant fear that I will mess up in the tiniest of says and it will have the biggest result that I never wanted. I also live in constant fear that I may be dead, dying, or even in a coma, and that what I'm experiencing now is just my mind filling the empty space and time with a reality to keep my mind busy.

I suffer from derealization and depersonalization, or so I tell myself.

I worry that I might go insane. So much so. Like I worry that my mind will just Crack and I will do something that I don't want to do.

I relate everything to sex and that seems to be my outlet for me trying to feel.

I've tried depression medication. Anxiety medication. Ptsd. Medication. Meditation. I just really want to get better.

All my emotions feel dull, if not fake and I spend my time trying to figure out how to feel.

People commend me for how smart I am. But I always feel stupid and feel like I'm never using my full potential.

I can't keep focused on something for very long until I get bored.

I'm scared.

I've felt this way for years but only recently has it had me concerned if I was going insane or would do something out of my control. I don't know why this worries me. But I'm scared

Any feedback or suggestions would be helpfulPlease help.I didn't even consider the fact that i may have anxiety till I got to college and my roommate suggested it. We were talking and I told him how much I worry about the next day and yet I make it through every day with no problem. I'm always lost in thought and very often struggle to start work. Also, as a child i would frequently stay up at night thinking of death and as I got older that changed into a fear of long term failure throughout life. I fear that I am not accomplishing my max potential at any given moment. So is it possible to have anxiety without knowing it?Is it possible to have anxiety and not know it?I feel like I'm stuck between two walls that keep closing in on me. I want more than anything to stay home, but whenever I do, I end up feeling both better and worse than I did before. It doesn't make sense. I don't even think I properly put into words just how much it frustrates me. To make matters worse, my school shows no sympathy for mental health. Sometimes I honestly feel like dropping out of school and living in a hole.I have anxiety about going to class but get anxious whenever I miss class.Hey guys never really made a post but the past few days I've been regressing really bad back into depression and anxiety and just been in a really negative headspace in general so I would really appreciate some positivity right nowCould really use some positivityI've gotten much better from my worst, but I've been at the same place for the last 3 years or so. Whenever I don't have access to a bathroom, I freak out, throw up, and need to get to a toilet immediately. If I have access to a bathroom, panicking is no big deal. At worst I throw up and sit on the toilet for a little bit, then I'm all good. But if I were stuck in traffic, there is no access to a toilet. The primary symptoms of my panic attacks are throwing up and needing to poop. How the hell am I supposed to deal with that if I'm in a situation with no access to a bathroom? I'm on my third therapist and he's surprised I still have symptoms because of how I handle anxiety attacks. There seems to be nothing that will convince me I can be away from a bathroom for any extended period of time. 


Cliffs: 
I'm not scared of panic symptoms anymore, I float through them and let them pass, in this way I made a lot of progress. 

When I panic I throw up and need to poop ASAP. If I don't have access to a bathroom, I can basically  lose bowel control. 

Because of this I always avoid traffic or any situation where immediate bathrooms aren't available. 

If bathrooms were available everywhere or if I didn't actually poop every time I panic, I don't think I'd have anxiety anymore. 

But commutes and road trips are part of life, I don't see how I can get past this. 

I guess I'm reaching out for motivation or new ideas?I truly don't think I'll ever get better. 8 years of therapy, medication, lifestyle changes, books, CBT, EMDR, and I'm still platueaud.Any tips when having difficulty swallowing? New symptoms and its kinda scaryI can sometimes fall asleep and stay asleep no problem. Not tonight tho, since I have something important going on tomorrow. Naturally. Thanks anxiety, you're a real pal. 

How do you guys handle your difficult nights?Can't sleep. How do you deal?Hi Redditors, would love your advice..

For about 2-3 weeks now I've been experiencing some weird symptoms which landed me in the Doctors office and I got an ECG. I've been experiencing heart palpitations, an almost constant awareness of my pulse, dizziness, constant toilet breaks - and when it gets really bad, clammy, cold hands and numbness).

I recently got over a tooth infection that was affecting my overall health and became nearly systemic to the point where I was constantly tired and out of it. After 2 rounds of antibiotics, I am no longer 'physically' unwell, however, I believe this period of long illness, coupled with work stress, triggered this anxious reaction.

It feels like I'm now just riding this wave of constant worry and hyper-awareness of bodily discomfort (every sensation is amplified, a twitch in my wrist, a yawn makes me feel like I have some incurable disease.) Also, I've been making a lot of mistakes at work, spelling things incorrectly or just feeling like I'm 'shutting down' while in a meeting, unable to process/take in new information, so I feel this is affecting me cognitively and my ability to remember things in the short term.

Could this just be anxiety? Is it normal to experience almost constant dizziness and feeling spacey or is this something that typically happens when you have panic attacks?

I wake up feeling sad and disconnected and afraid about going in to work where I'll have to perform and I feel like I'm barely coherent. When my boyfriend holds me (what used to make me happy) I feel trapped and terrified. I loved my job and love my boyfriend so I don't understand why it's so hard for me to find any joy or respite.

Any advice, guidance or similar experiences you could share would really help me. I'm going to see a psychologist for my second appointment (she thinks it's 'classic' anxiety), but I'm afraid if this spirals I'll need to be put on anti-depressants :(.Is it just anxiety? new sufferer here.Having these conversations gets me so down. I'm 21, I didn't go to college, not because I wasn't "smart enough", but, I couldn't handle the stress/anxiety of physically going to college. And I haven't found a job, yet, that I can handle, but that doesn't mean i'm not looking.

Does anyone have this issue? It's becoming a pain in the ass and so disheartening to tell someone i'm doing nothing with my life. Mostly because they think it's laziness and I enjoy this. I don't. They just don't understand the extent of my anxiety."What do you do for a living?" "Nothing...."I recently went through a tough spat of depression that caused me to isolate myself for a extended period of time. Now that I'm on the rise back to my typical self, I keep getting feelings of anxiety and sadness as I try to "re-enter" my life. 

I feel like I've been gone for too long and that everyone has moved on , and for the better. As I try to mend relationships I can't  shake the anxious feelings that I messed it all up.

Recently, I went out with an old group of friends trying to regain relationships and I felt terrible. They had lived life, and rightfully so, as I took my hiatus. Now conversation is filled with inside jokes and things that I missed out on. That pushed me back into the "awfulizing" cycle that I had no friends and I'm going to be alone forever, etc. 

DAE has tips to get through this rough time without your anxiety constantly putting you in a panic? Re-entering Life after Depression with AnxietyLong story short I was diagnosed with major depression and severe anxiety a few years ago. I've been medicated since 2013, and started a new antidepressant this year. I take the new one before bed, and the other during the day, but I just feel like it's getting me no where. My anxiety is just ruining me. I've been to a number of psychologists but I've just never had a break-through. 

My anxiety is the worst it's been in years. I can't function. I literally cannot fucking function. I've tried mindfulness. I've tried meditating. I've tried meds. I've tried everything. I feel like I'm drowning. 

I don't know what else to try. Even talking openly doesn't help. Can someone help me? Please? 

Severe anxiety or something more?So I have had anxiety ever since I was a child. I'm now 34 years and have a pretty good grip on my anxiety and keeping it at bay. However health anxiety is one of the big things for me.

Last week I went to Dr to get my meds refilled (paxil) and of course they took my blood pressure that came out at an all time high of 160/107. Th numbers alone sent me into pure panic and the doctors reaction didn't help one bit at all. Suddenly the visit became solely about my BP and how it was so alarming .

She put me on 25mg losartan and told me to stay away from sodium, soda, fast food etc etc and to come back at the end of the month ......then left the room.

So I've changed up the way I eat completely because of all of this and because I can admit that I've ate the worst of foods all of my life and I'm taking my medication....

However ...I went and bought a blood pressure monitor. I've become addicted to this thing, constantly checking my blood pressure just back to back to back and when I get bad readings I freak out and give myself anxiety and of course think ...."I'm going to have a heart attack tonight in my sleep"

I will admit that during the day my BP readings are good. But first thing in the morning and at night they seem to jump back up. It's never my top number that goes up but only the diastolic bottom number.  It will fluctuate at night between 88-99 and it's scaring the shit out of me.Blood pressure driving me insane..anyone else battle this?Hi all!
My brain has been on severe panic mode since finding out I might have to relocate to a new state. I want to go to Arizona, but I found out about Valley Fever (and to a lesser extent, haboobs, scary but not terrifying).

I have 2 dogs and we'd be in an apartment complex so they'd only be outside for walks and adventures, never left alone. They like to eat everything though. 

Can anyone help give me some assurance or real info? The Internet makes the fever sound like one of the worst things that can happen to a dog and is totally unavoidable. Does anyone have any real life experience?? Thanks so muchValley fever and haboobs??Been feeling chest pain on my left side every night, starts for a few minutes and stops.

Could this be because of anxiety and stress?

I'm in my 20s 
can anxiety cause chest pain?Hey guys, first time poster so my apologies if my formatting is a little off. 

I'm currently sitting wide awake when I should be sleeping because my mind just will not shut off. I have awful nightmares almost every night so when it's time to go to bed, I tend to stall. I've also started to get extreme paranoia that someone is going to break into our apartment. I double check locks constantly and will lay awake flinching at any random sounds.

I'm not currently on any medication and I was diagnosed maybe 5 years ago give or take. I guess my question is, does anyone else experience this? I'm sick of losing aleep thinking about death (not at all in a suicidal way, more just I'm petrified of it happening and cannot stop thinking about it once I start), I'm sick of being scared all the time and annoying my boyfriend by making him go check out noises in the kitchen, I just want some sleep :( 

Any tips are welcomed. I know ultimately I need to drag my butt back into therapy but I'm in the process of renewing my health insurance so I'm feeling a little stuck. Thanks in advance!

Edit: Just wanted to add I'm 22 year old female.Anxiety gets worse at night?I have been a sufferer of anxiety for about 15 years now. I've had long stretches where it isn't too bad but some rough spots of constant panic and restlessness. Taking lexapro and overall it seems to help but the last few weeks I've had odd anxiety symptoms. Out of the blue I will find myself feeling like I am not breathing right or I will feel odd tingling or twitches. When I drive I will start to feel panic as well and that's a new thing for me. I feel like I am in such a better place mentally than in recent months so not sure why these things happen out of the blue. Almost like I'm trying to make myself go into a panic. Anyone else experience this and perhaps any tips? Thanks![37] Male wondering if anyone has experienced this kind of anxiety?Wrost thing possible happen before exam happened today. 
I am not ready for my exam, i cannot focus on my studies, i get mind keep on telling me to escape from studying because it will give me stress and now I have idea what i learn for this unit. 
Even more stress build up and i am worry that i will get kick by uni and stuff
I have a mental breakdown, well i think i have.... 
I start crying on the bus... like legit on the stupid bus i hope no one see me crying cause i pretended to have a cold.... 
I didn't get better when i am walking and try the breathing thing, i just want to find a way to legit escape from doing the exam including hitting by a car or train..  i even have a slip moment that i want to stop in the middle of the lights. But in am also scare of death and have anxiety over it too.... i know right people that can actually free themselves are brave... 
What can i do now, i will go and see a doctor after this but now i cannot focus on the exam... 1 hour until my exam, everytime i think about it i start crying??????Worst thing possible happen before exam *HELP*At least, my anxiety. Everything I do seems like a temporary means to "run away" from whatever it is that is bothering me, or that I'm fixating on. No matter what, though, the anxiety always seems to catch up to me. Anyone else watch it?Just watched the movie "It Follows" about a horrible monster that slowly follows its victims, always catching up no matter how fast they run. Perfect metaphor for anxiety :/I am not entirely sure if other people feel this way, but social anxiety (or whatever the fuck is going on in my head) is a really really really fucking bullshit psychological issue. It is physically crippling to even think about talking to people, so how the hell do you get help?

I am immediately frustrated when people don't understand what is happening in my head, they think I am angry, pissed off, sad, tired, whatever. But how could they know?, from their perspective I am just like everyone else except I have a stupid fucking scowl on my face that may as well be plastered on because, for most of my life, I have been making it every time I look another person in the eyes.

I am furious with myself, this brain of mine, trying to navigate these social situation and failing so fucking miserably. The only solace I get is hoping that this person won't ever have to experience anything like this.Social anxiety is total bullshit.So on Saturday morning, I took a Motrin that had been expired for two years, and that night I took an Aleve. Then, I started panicking that that might have been a bad combination, and then about the expired Motrin. On my quest for knowledge, I found something that seemed to suggest an expired Motrin could damage the liver or kidneys because it could break down into a toxic substance. Now I'm freaking out that I have liver damage.

I do seem to have a few of the symptoms too. Lately I haven't had that much of an appetite, although I am also sick(hence the Motrin and Aleve) so that could be it. Today I was feeling nauseous for a while, and I'm not sure a cold can cause that. As for stomach pains, I supposed I've had some small contained ones that haven't bothered me at all. Also, I've been able to feel my pulse right below my ribcage on my left side, something that I haven't noticed before. One of the symptoms for liver damage is swollen spleen, so I'm afraid the spleen has pushed the artery forward and that's what's enabling me to feel the pulse now. 

Other than that everything is normal. I don't have jaundice, the nausea went away, and as soon as I got home tonight I had a lot of food. I'm still really freaking out though. I'm analyzing every thing I feel or see on my body. I keep reading more and more articles about liver damage and each one is making me panic so much worse. I know tonight is going to be the usual game of being afraid of going to sleep because I'm afraid my condition will worsen while I'm sleeping.

So how do I convince myself that I'm fine? And for anyone who might know, can expired Motrin actually cause liver damage(it's very possible I could have read the thing too quickly and taken it out of contex)? Could Aleve or a combination of two cause it? If I did have liver damage, would the symptoms already be way more obvious by now? Is there anything else that might calm me down?

Edit: Ugh, I'm just having more and more panic over other health things. I just got the hiccups for the second time today, which is now making me worried it's because something is wrong with me, I've noticed my stomach moves visibly to my pulse which is making me worried there's something wrong with my circulatory system or stomach. I've noticed How thin I am despite eating normally/ even often which is making me worried about many illnesses. Ugh.Hypochondriac, now panicked that my liver is damaged. Looking for ways to convince myself that I'm okay, and some medical info that might calm me down, too.Everyday is AnxiedayI was playing music and getting into it while thinking how cool it would be to learn once I get better at bass. I also had a nice cool breeze from a fan on me. 

Then it hit me. I should be doing homework, and once I start it i'll be doing it until I sleep. Then I remembered I have a 2-4 hour practice test tomorrow (PSAT). Then I remembered that I am so awkward around people. 

Now I am just miserable, and this is pretty much my whole life. 
Even during summer break I was super stressed. But summer school did take half my break.
Feeling calm and happy reminds me that I should be worrying about something.I have a horrible increase of anxiety at night, but I am also in a grad school program where I am up late in class and up early for my field placement. This creates a sort of awful predicament where I'm just never able to sleep at night because of my anxiety and then working long hours/barely eating. 

I know I'm making myself sick but my body won't relax enough to get more than three hours a night, if that. I used to take sleep aids but they aren't helping anymore: melatonin doesn't cut my anxiety enough to sleep through so I just lay awake and drowsy, and anything else is too strong that I can't wake up or I can barely function in the morning. 

I was prescribed klonopin for my panic attacks but it also makes me too drowsy in the morning if I take it, even taking a fourth of a .5 mg pill. Another psychiatrist gave me hydroxyzine but that is even worse. I'm wondering if anyone can recommend anything that I can ask my psychiatrist about this coming Thursday. Ideally, something that stops the onset of a panic attack and maybe lightly induces sleep, but even if it is just for the anxiety part and I can take it to relax my body so that I can naturally fall asleep would be so great. 

If you have any recs, please let me know. I know the psychiatrist will be able to also help but I'm so anxious about going that I am afraid that if I don't have any specific ideas in mind to bring up that I will just be too intimidated to mention it, if that makes sense?

Thanks for any help!Benzo's that don't make you sleepy?Hello all. 

I'm having a really tough night, though it started out really well. I've been fighting back against my anxiety and I've been feeling a lot more mentally confident, but tonight has been bad. I was feeling okay, went downstairs to clean some dishes, and as I was doing them, my anxiety found an opening, and I started worrying and panicking a little. Now my head feels really light, I'm dizzy, and I can't relax. I know I'm not in danger, I was just with a doctor yesterday and she didn't find anything serious, and I have been coughing a lot, which has caused headaches and pressure in my forehead. I just can't stop thinking about it and it's driving me nuts. Please, any help is appreciated. (Health Anxiety)Please help me relaxIt's not like anyone will reply to me anyway.Does anyone else delete messages right after you send them?Two treatments I'm most curious about:
1) Hypnosis
2) Psychedelics - DMT, Muschrooms, Iokaska, etc. (Seems it may only be available in California?)

Curious if anyone has pushed themselves to try any of these to seek improvement and what results may have been. Thanks in advance.Success with more extreme/unconventional approaches?I feel like I'm constantly falling behind everyone around me. I feel like I'm not getting enough promotions at work, not making enough, not partying enough, not socializing enough, not achieving enough, not getting to know enough people, not traveling enough, not exploring enough, not saving enough, not exercising enough, not doing anything enough.

I don't see anything about me or my life as sufficient.

Is this a normal part of anxiety?DAE feel like they're in constant competition with everyone around them? Even to the point of trying to outdo what you imagine people you used to know are doing?The last test I took for this particular class really stressed me out before and after. Do any of you have any coping methods that have really worked for you before taking an exam? Anything at this point is helpful. Coping methods before taking Mid-termHey guys. So I'll start by saying I'm 22 year old male, I have been diagnosed with autism, and I've always since aged 16 had some form of "depression" seeping into my brain. This will be a long post guys, but I really need help, I feel like I don't know what to do. By giving up, I mean I'm becoming a jelly, I'm not washing properly, not eating properly, not trying at anything I do, just have no passion or feeling in anyting any more.

Long version... 
There are lots of separate things that add up to my feeling of just giving up and living like a vegetable for the rest of my life. I struggle on where to start. I used to be quite happy. Even in my late teens, I was "depressed", I cut (not no more though), I was in on the whole "emo" scene that was a thing back then. But I guess looking back, I was happy. I was just doing what was cool at the time. Sad, I know, but I was a dumb kid.

Shits changed. In fact, it's kind of the reverse. I respect happiness. In real life, I'm quite a "hippie". I love everything and everyone, in my heart I do anyway. I have a mindset that pops up every now and then that everythings perfect, and I agree with that mindset so fully. It's like,.. the things I believe and the way I act are completely contradictory. Not that I really know what I believe anymore. I get that everything ends up good. I get that I'm in a tunnel and I'll leave it soon. I get all this stuff that everyone says to cheer people up. I get that life is a song, and I should be enjoying every minute of it, rather than focusing on the end point. I get that I shouldn't worry what others think, I should focus on my own life. I believe it all, fully. Somethings stopping me from living like that though.

Ok, so my first issue is that I don't know what I believe. By this I mean, I'm big into science, I love science, I find it fascinating and I love the rigorous testing that goes into it. At the same time, I'm big into spirituality, and buddhism. I love it. I'm also into things like aliens and ghosts, not hardcore tin foil hat or anything. In fact I don't think I believe in these any more, ever since I got into science. But for some reason I read things about alleged aliens and I'm interested and I believe them, until I remember that I don't believe them. Then I feel like I wasted lots of time looking at stuff that's not true, even though something in me believes it's true, almost like I have a logic side of my brain and a spiritual side of my brain and they're at war constantly. Holy shit I'm confusing myself here, sorry. I guess a way to put it is, if Alan Watts and Neil Tyson had an argument, I would be agreeing with every contradicting point they both said. Almost like I'm performing double think on my own beliefs.

So issue number two is that I overthink things I learn to the point I just don't bother. I am fully aware that you learn things just passively, I can read a book, and though I don't remember every little bit, I can still learn from the concepts and things. But something in me forces me to try my hardest to remember every little bit for some reason. And if I can't do this, I decide it's pointless. I say to myself "I can't remember a book I read 4 years ago, and in four years time this book will be the same, I won't remember it, it's a waste of time". Same with movies, games, tv shows, etc etc. Oh, and the same with documentaries, and podcasts, and learning websites online. About 3 times, I've made a folder called "learning" with lots of categories, but I stopped this every time because I'll never get everything I've learnt in the past in here, so it'll be incomplete. Also it'd make me feel like anything in real life is pointless because I won't be able to record it on my pc. Things like reading. I used to just watch documentaries and stuff on a whim, now it all needs meaning, and again, I justify not watching them by remembering that I don't remember the last one I watched. I'm also not improving at anything I do, gaming, guitar, w/e it is, I'm not improving at it.

Issue number three is the fact I've become, unwillingly, very all or nothing. Kinda like what I just said, but it's a bit different. I have this weird delusion that I should be keeping everything I do, as a memory. This really gets to me, 'cuz I end up spending all day, every day, just organizing stuff. This kind of obsessive organizing of files, and if anythings wrong, it's pointless, and I delete everything. I did this yesterday. This is what made me post here, fucking a year worth of music and shit, gone. This is a case of I don't know where to draw the line. I just really don't have a clue. I used to now, but I don't any more. I download music, cool. I used to have 25000 songs. I deleted them ALL with the idea of redownloading all of them, as flac. Downloaded a bunch of flac, got to about 2000. Reached something that I couldn't find any flac, stopped downloading music all together. All or nothing. I used to not care. I used to just get music, w/e. I like this completionist attitude in certain ways. I got myself up to about 60 discs of pink floyd stuff, bootlegs, live stuff, studio, everything. But it's also so damn annoying, because like I said, it's all or nothing. I just give up if I can't get one thing. This is all that I deleted yesterday btw, so good job me, gunna have to find all those again... Also, same issue, ok I download music, I download movies, I download tv shows and podcasts. I download pictures. I download youtube series of my favorite youtubers. I have a section for games I download (which grinds at me like hell, because steam games are sort of outside the realm of my control, so I can't put them in this section. I used to back up any complete save into there, but stopped this in an attempt to stop this whole issue, which failed.) All these sections are split into categories, I have picture sections for "art" "memes" "hot celebs" "game screenshots" (which btw I stress out over aswell, because in my fucked up head, screenshots are memories, and for some reason memories aren't stored in my brain but on my pc 'cuz I'm a moron) under music I have "world music" "pop music" "meditations/binaural beats", I mean, too much organization. Driving me absolutely nuts just thinking about it.

Issue four is social things. My autism is to thank for this doozy, and it's actually not been the same since I found out I had autism. I've always been bad bad at socializing, at school I was bullied, but I had friends. I had a couple of friends. Even at college I made some friends. But then after finding out about my autism, I lost all and any ability to socialize, because something in my head told me for sure I'm bad at it and won't be good. I know that's a silly thing to say, but it's my subconscious that believes it, not me. I know I'm being stupid. But tell that to my brain &gt;.&lt; Since my diagnoses, I've tried 2 college courses, not made A SINGLE friend, barely even spoke to anyone, and left both courses early because the lack of friends ruined my ability to improve with a friend I know. At school I'd test myself against friends and see how my knowledge stacked up to theres. I got feedback past the official shit the teachers would say. Speaking of official shit, please guys, I've tried GP's, over where I live there's a waiting list, I tried going on a mental health NHS course and it really didn't help. I think all I really need are friends. But I don't know the first thing about making friends. 

Edit: Another issue is that I have 2 email addresses, with 2 sets of profiles, and again, I feel compelled to know and approve of everything I've ever posted, deleting any accounts I don't use, just having everything set out perfectly for my current mood. I can't just forget about stuff. This one drives me mad too... The feeling I always need to restart social media, delete all my tweets, all this kind of stuff, make sure all my bio's are perfect, checking every last option available to see if I want it or not..... just so obsessive dude. I can't help myself

 I used to be care free as fuck. I fully love who I used to be. I've lost myself. Completely lost myself. I take everything too seriously. I argue about the smallest of things. I push people I love away. I've lost all care in the world, on an existential level. The bottom line is V

TLDR; I don't know what to do. I don't know how to get myself back, to know what I enjoy, what I believe, what I want to keep, what I want to collect, what I want to learn, what I want from friends, I just have lost all sense of who I am. Also, I think I have OCD, but have no idea what to do about it.

I really am at my wits end. Guys, I'm not gunna ever commit suicide, so please don't worry about that. Not physically at least. I feel like I've already died mentally though. I feel like I'm in way too deep. I don't know the first thing to do. Sorry about this absolute shambles of a post, just needed to get this shit off my mind, and hopefully, fingers crossed, this'll help in some way. If I keep up this negative attitude, I'm as good as a drain on my parents resources with no benefit. I just want to be happy and care free like I used to be. Like I say, everything in my head tells me I'm better than this. It's something underneath, that's causing all this pain. I just want friends, tbh. I know I shouldn't rely on friends, but god damn, at least I'd have something to compare myself too, so I can see how out of reality I really am. As it stands I have nobody to tell me when I'm being a moron. Any calmness or peace I get is instantly got rid off by my knowledge that it's temporary. 

How do I add a filter thing?I'm not sure what to do, i feel like i've given upRegardless of the kind of people we are, shy or outgoing this seems to be a common action that happens when we feel like that. Has anyone had any insight as to why?Does anyone know why we isolate ourselves when we're anxious or depressed?i don't fear the water itself ,, 
but whenever i hear something that reminds me of the sea 
or watch someone swimming or drowning  in a movie
i just can't breathe like my throat closes or something 
same thing happens when i think about breathing itself 
aquaphobia ?Sometimes I look at drawings of people's interpretations of their mental illness and wondered what mine would look like if I could draw it. I often picture my anxiety as being the physical form of how it makes me feel. If I could draw it, it would look weak, like it makes me feel. It would be clinging to me ( if I drew myself in the picture) , since it never leaves me. It would be tired looking with bags under its eyes , because it stays up late just to keep me awake.  That's just how I imagine it.Do you ever imagine what your anxiety would look like if you could draw it? Regardless of you actually being able to draw or not.I have suffered with anxiety for a few years now. I'm a musician and a college student, so it started out with performance anxiety. Two years ago I started having "silent" panic attacks during low-stress rehearsals (heavy breathing, heart rate increase, light-headedness, etc.). My primary doctor prescribed me with lexapro and it helped a lot.

I took the meds for awhile, then I got myself off of them because I felt I didn't need them anymore. I was fine for awhile, then I felt like the symptoms were coming back so I started them again a few months ago. They were helping for a little bit, but now I feel like I'm back to square one.

Two nights ago I locked myself in my room and sobbed for no reason, I had a panic attack like I had never had before. I was upset for no reason and couldn't stop crying. Last night, when in rehearsal, my chest started feeling tight and I couldn't catch my breath. I stepped out and tried to calm myself down, but I was on the verge of passing out so my roommate took me to the hospital. They gave me adavan and did the normal tests, and discharged me.

Today I'm still feeling on-edge and not okay. I've had chest pains and some shortness of breath, and I started crying for no reason again. I took off of school and work today so I was able to sleep in and relax, but I still feel really anxious. My roommate suggested inpatient treatment - where I would go away for a period of time and get the help I needed. I'm not sure if this is a good first step for me, or if I should take a different route. I'm very new to this but I feel really hopeless and powerless. I don't know what to do. Any help is greatly appreciated.Inpatient for anxiety?I'm a 24 year old guy and I've been looking for advice on this but I only come up with advice for women who have gone through this so I decided to ask Reddit.

Five years ago I started seeing this girl after her and a bf broke up. At first we were only friends but we were always flirty and deep down I really liked her but it took a long time to sum up the courage to make a move. Turned out she had liked me but I was too nervous and oblivious to realize that she was just waiting for me to make my move and by the time I did, she was over it. It was devastating, but we stayed friends. A year later, we finally hooked up. Unfortunately she wasn't looking for a relationship or even anything monogamous but I decided to just take what I could get and we continued to hook up for about a month. I learned that I wasn't the only one she was sleeping with. She was very open about it even though she must have known it was making me very jealous and insecure, which she had a habit of doing. (I think she enjoyed it and used it as fuel for her ego.) After a while she said she wanted to just go back to being just friends. which broke me. I hoped she would see how much I loved her and would choose me, but she didn't.

After that, I suffered over two years with these feelings and hoped someday I'd get another chance, but one day I found out she was seeing someone and they started dating. It threw me into a severe panic attack- the first I ever had. I spent an entire summer extremely depressed and I tried to be mostly either asleep or drunk to keep the sadness and panic away. It was like living with a dementor (if you don't know Harry Potter, they are creatures that suck out your soul and their presence makes it feel cold, as if all happiness had gone from the world.)

This was in July 2015, and a year later I was doing much better. Then she texted me and asked "How are you" around 2 weeks ago. I immediately launched into a panic attack. I calmed down and decided to text back where she told me she's single and just graduated college. She expressed interest in hanging out again, but I honestly don't think it's a good idea since the mere thought of her makes me either sad or panicky. I know she has no romantic feelings, but I still do. Every time I hear my text tone, I panic. (Like I just did 5 minutes ago, and the text wasn't ever from her.) 

I hate being in love with this person who represents my inadequacies, my insecurities, and makes me feel terrible about myself. I don't feel like a real man because I couldn't win her over. That thought alone, like the fear of being "beta" and undesirable makes me sick. And what makes me even more sick is the realization that she just basically was using me until she found someone else. Now that she is single I think she wants to latch on to me until she, once again, finds someone "better". I realize that to her- I was just a place holder. She never respected me or my feelings and never took me seriously. But even knowing that, I still suffer, I still love her, and I want it to stop.

I just want to heal, but it's been tough and her texting me is like opening up an old wound from which I still continue to bleed.The thought of her induces panic and depression, but i still love her.I'll soon be switching to a new doctor and finding ways to cure anxiety and depression issues. I'm wondering how much more different it is to not have anxiety anymore. I've seen some people feeling a bit odd or actually too normal after taking medication. Some people say they feel so much better, but feel a little disconnected from the world and a bit care-free. I'm pretty excited for the future, but it also makes me wonder if I'll feel a little brain-dead or disconnected/less conscious. What is your experience with it? Do you still take certain medicine after experiencing the changes?


Thanks for your testimonies!How does it feel after being "cured" from/Treated For anxiety?I feel at a loss because I can always remember when I was once confident and it depresses me. I began to feel anxious like this when I had a mini panic attack sat around with friends, never experienced this at all. I went bright red and just froze.

For the past 5 months since then, I have not been able to socialise at all. I get ridiculous anxiety before a social situation because I feel like I'm just gonna freeze up in front of everyone. They could ask me any simple question like "what are you doing later" and I could just start panicking. This is when I got really sad, I was eating dinner with family and I just started to panic and couldnt wait to get out of there. It made me feel so sad that I'm not even comfortable sitting with my family :( I've tried therapy, hypnotising and beta blockers but I still start panicking. Anyone get over this problem?! I am fine when it is social situations that dont involve sitting around together where i feel so exposed.I start to panic socialising in groups - even around family helpHey guys. I have been dealing with social anxiety for a few years paired with BDD and bulimia and the three have negatively affected my college career to the point of almost dropping out.  I am currently in the middle of a returning part-time semester but only have two classes that I am taking.  

So this is where the problem comes in.  Close to the beginning of the semester I hurt my back and could barely walk (huge lump on my lower spine preventing me from getting to class).  This break spiraled as I had a compounding amount of anxiety for every class that I missed as I figured a need to explain to the class why I was missing and I believed I would have been perceived as an anxiety-ridden, lazy and frankly stupid person.  In the situation I am in now, I do consider myself to be a fucking idiot.  One class is a large lecture and I am doing great but in the other class I have not gone to class since the beginning of the semester...  

The class I have not gone to is a relatively smaller class involving about 15 people and the whole class consists of book reports, a final paper, and one in class test.  I missed a single video report at the beginning of the semester, but it was not a huge weight on the overall grading point makeup.  Well, I just turned in the first of two book reports via email (how we needed to send it according to syllabus) and the teacher said it could not be accepted and that he could not see me passing because I have not come to class, but to come meet as soon as possible if "I have a problem."  I am not sure what to do now or how I could possibly bring myself to talking to him about this in person...I know you can agree that I am a complete fucking idiot for not going to this one class, but I just couldn't bring myself to go after taking the break involving my back and there is nothing I can do to change this.  I also had talked to the dean of students at the beginning of the semester about my return and recently received an email from him about not showing up to this class and he said we could meet up and talk about what has been happening. I feel so terrible that I told him I was ready for the semester at the start and now am clearly showing that I wasn't.  I put my idiotic self here and I understand that I have to get myself out, but I am just not sure how to go about this...I just need some insight/outside advice to the situation because my own outlook is one of toxicity and self degradation. need help and adviceHey guys, just to put this out there again (incase some of you missed it before).

I created the site because I was fed up of trying to game with people who don't understand why I am the way I am. TBH even telling this group about the website is making me feel very anxious but I figured its there to be used if you want to. I am going to use the site as a way of blogging any relevant info about anxiety/depression and gaming. It has a forum where people can come and chat about there favorite games and a neat online community event planner. The site is over at theanxiousgamersclub.com I would love it if any of you could check it out and I am also happy to receive any suggestions you might have. We also have a Discord channel where we all like to hang out.
Thanks John. Peace.Gaming Website for UsLately I've been having a lot of panic attacks. My anxiety has gotten so bad that I can't swallow food unless I have a liquid to swallow it down with as I'm afraid of choking. This incident happened on night 11 days ago where I was eating roast beef and thought I was choking on it but really it just was at the back of my mouth and I "couldn't" swallow it. Ever since that night I haven't been able to swallow- I don't know what to do. Before this I thought it was sleep deprivation as I worked night shifts with a very behavioural client that would physically attack the staff. Prior to these i was in an extremely abusive (physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually and sexually ) relationship which caused me to panic on an ATV (which I have ridden them since I was a child) and all of a sudden I was too scared to drive through a big puddle in fear of dying. Regardless of seeing my dad go through the purse many times I could t get my mind to push the throttle- I describe it as a block. How do I get over this fear of death? I want to live I think my anxiety is the fear of dyingSo, I have found a doctor who is recommending I try some long term anxiety medications. She has mentioned several medications, but I wanted to know what people in this sub would recommend.

I have general anxiety (GAD), issues with fainting in medical situations, and social phobias. I was thinking of starting with Lexapro.

I tried Effexor in the past, but had issues with sexual dysfunction. Any suggestions for medications that have helped others? Any websites that might break down benefits and detriments?Doctor willing to prescribe long term anxiety medications. Where should I start?[TW for suicidal thoughts]

So I got my first job a couple months ago at age 21 - I had never worked before due to severe anxiety around work, having panic attacks when filling out job applications, etc. But I was on a new antidepressant which was helping and I was able to apply &amp; be employed at a coffee shop. Immediately I knew this was a mistake. I mostly work back in the kitchen and it's hell. The fast-paced environment, pressure to be doing The Most at every single second, intense pressure to be productive and perform when it's long shifts of meaningless menial tasks I don't care about at all, getting yelled at for taking 2 seconds to breathe in between tasks - it honestly makes me want to kill myself to get out of work. I'm asking for fewer hours (I also go to school part time) but if that doesn't help I'm going to have to quit because of "health reasons" (the same excuse I have for skipping shifts).

But... I still need to work. If not now, since I have support from my parents, then soon - I can't live with them forever. But another job like that just isn't going to work for me. I need a job where I'm not being scrutinized for my productivity at all times, where the stress doesn't pile up on me. Everyone says "oh that's just how work is", which makes me want to kill myself if I'm going to have to deal with this forever and since I'm clearly just a piece of shit who can't handle the things everyone else can. I can't believe that's true, there has to be something else I can do.Jobs for people with anxiety?Hello folks.

The stereotype of socially awkward/anxious people "not knowing what to do with their hands" is an all-to-real occurrence for us anxiety sufferers (at least if my own experience is anything to go by). This got me thinking; do any of you guys have anything in particular you fidget with or any little habits that help you through the day?

Mine are:

* Chewing gum - supposedly the act of chewing releases serotonin in the brain, making you more relaxed. I find this to be true, although that might just be the placebo effect. Besides, it's relaxing to roll it into a ball in your mouth, then smoosh it flat against your palate.

* Popping pen tops on and off - I do this all the time when there's a bit of background noise to mask the 'click'. There's just something so satisfying about the firm 'clack' of pushing a Uni-Ball lid on with your thumb.

* Begleri - I don't use this so much at the moment (it looks weird in public), but its basically a little skill toy that consists of two small weights on a piece of cord. It's hard to explain in text, so you best Google it.

* Phone flipping - with your phone upright, pinch the edge closest to the floor so that it pivots about this 'axis' and ends up upside down, then slide your fingers back to the new bottom edge by pressing the phone against your knee. Repeat.

* Tapping out the rhythm of a song quietly to yourself.

I've also noticed a variety of 'fidget toys' popping up online. From tiny spinning tops to so-called 'fidget spinners', little metal yoyos to the 'fidget cube'. I've even contemplated no-nicotine vaping, although I'm concerned about the potential health detriments.

Anyway, if anyone has/does anything along these lines, please, note them down!What are your little habits/items that help take your mind of being anxious? Post them here[Emancipator - Natural Cause (9 Theory Remix)](https://youtu.be/KD6vBhYJjzE)This song has done a lot for me so I wanted to share it with you alle.g I need to move on first after the breakup or I will be alone forever

If I don't get a GF right now I am useless and will never have a GF ever again

I feel this self inflicted judgement and push to be the best or rush to things and its causing extreme anxiety and panic attacks.

Any ideas how to stop it?DAE get really anxious thinking about future events particularly through the lens of "I have to do X first or I suck?"Like if someone knows you have anxiety but they still keep on doing what triggers it and they know it, do you start to think they are doing it intentionally to torment you and abuse you? Or does it really depend on the context? Do you ever think people do it on purpose?I'm not a shy person and I won't go out of my way to diagnose myself with 'social anxiety' as I don't necessarily feel like I'm in that category I was diagnosed with PTSD and Panic disorder. It's not like I'm that person in the corner frozen not saying anything I'm more the one who can easily speak his mind but often don't. I have a hard time looking  people in the eye while talking to strangers or at a party, my face gets beat ass red for no reason and people point it out so I often feel discouraged and leave because i feel trapped. In extreme cases I'll have panic attacks especially standing and waiting in line for something.   I often just isolate myself because I feel happy and not stressed unlike around people.

Anxiety almost covers my true self. I feel like anxiety make me appear to be painfully insecure and a quiet different person than who I actually am. Most people who had their first impression of me where very impressed of my true personality once they know who I am.

I'm not really self pittying anymore I'm more at a neutral standing where I know this is for life and I'll always isolate myself but at least I have one best friend and my cousin who is like my brother. 

Anyone else relate?Socially anxious -- Will it ever end?I created a burner account since i'm so embarrassed. I've never been a super anxious person. During my college days i'd get anxious before a test, but never that bad. The past 3 years i've been working full time and my life has been great. I have a great wife, good reliable vehicles, renting a nice house, etc. However, starting in July, my on-call shift at work, which was usually incredibly quiet (i'd have months on end with no calls/issue) was hell. Almost constant crisis. After it was over with, I was relieved. However, August was much of the same. By the end of my call shift (week long) I was a nervous wreck. I was afraid to leave the house. i was afraid to even walk around the neighborhood because something might break. I couldn't even be intimate with my wife for that week, because I was so anxious about something happening.  September was quiet, I only got called twice, but I still had the anxiety. I was sleeping fine, but the evenings were constant anxiety. I had never had issues with it before this.

Fast forward to Sunday. My wife and I were at Petco and the local rescue was there. We found a cat that we absolutely fell in love with. Despite the fact that our rental house is no pets, we decided to act on impulse, and we adopted the cat. We spent ~$200 buying everything he needed. That night we had a party and he got along great with everyone, and he was just the sweetest thing. Night came, and we put him in the guest bathroom. He started meowing instantly. So we moved him to our bedroom with all his stuff and he didn't make a peep all night. Problem is, I didn't sleep a wink. I was sweating all night (house AC was set low, ceiling fan on, not a temp issue....) and I didn't sleep until about 3am when I took half a dose of Nyquil, and even then I was fighting sleep. I was so worried about him getting into stuff, waking us up, making noise, etc that I just couldn't sleep. Next morning i'm a walking zombie, I shower and leave for work, leaving him in the bedroom. After work I went to PetsMart and bought him a few more toys. When I got home and let him out, I had a panic attack. I was short of breath, I was shaking, I couldn't think straight. I walked around the house and he followed me around, and the entire time I was panicking. I called my wife at work (which I never do, I generally leave her alone at work) and told her what was going on. She told me to just breath, and calm down and we'd figure something out. I told her as long as the cat is in the house, I couldn't calm down. And I was right. I got off the phone with her and was still shaking and short of breath. I called her parents (who have owned cats) and asked them to take him until we figured something out. I took him out lastnight, but unfortunately their dog is causing a lot of problems and they've asked us to take him back. But the difference last night vs the night before was amazing. I could sleep, I didnt' have that anxiety. I was upset, but the anxiety was gone.

My wife and I texted back and forth, and when she suggested we keep him, my chest tightened up and I felt the anxiety coming back.  I told her I can't. The decision was made to surrender the cat back to the animal rescue we got him from, which I am doing tonight.

I'm a whirlwind of emotions at this point, because this isn't the first time i've made a rash decision and regretted it. I bought an expensive truck 3 years ago, that we're still paying the negative equity on, even though we've had 2 other vehicles since that truck. I love animals, absolutely love them, but I don't understand why I can't handle this. I want a dog in the future but I don't know if it's going to be possible.

I know part of it is that we aren't supposed to have animals in the house. But even then, the thought of him roaming around during the day without me there, getting into things, possibly hurting himself is what's giving me the most anxiety. And I would love to get over it, or work on it, but I can't even deal with having the cat in the house right now, so i'm not sure how that's going to work.

My wife has GAD and has for many years. She was just fine with him and really liked him. Now I feel terrible because I feel like I never gave her the support she needed with GAD and now i'm expecting her to deal with my random anxiety.  

I know some people will say i'm terrible for turning the cat back in and not being able to commit, and some will think i'm ridiculous for worrying about the laziest, chillest pet you can get, but I just can't shake the feeling. I can't get past it. I feel like I have control issues. I don't like riding with people in cars, I prefer driving. I don't like flying, because I have no idea what the pilot is gonna do and every bump or noise I get worried. And I think this is part of it. I think that since he was free to roam around in my house and I couldn't control him or do anything while I was gone, I got anxious and it lead to this.

I don't know if i'm looking for advice or anything, just more a place to vent and put my thoughts into words.I didn't know I had anxiety-until i got a catHey guys, quick question for you: Has anyone ever taken cold medicine (an antihistamine) and had HORRIBLE anxiety for the next few days? I'm on day two of this and my anxiety is worse than its been in 6 months. Really hoping I'm not the only one. Kinda brought on some depressive thoughts too. Any advice would be amazing.Antihistamine Rebound AnxietyThis is a very strange anxiety I'm having right now, and not really sure of how to deal with it. I have an essay due before class tomorrow that has to be 1200 words, but every time I even open up a word document my chest just starts hurting and my stomach feels sick. It also feels like I'm so anxious about the assignment that I'm scared of it. While I've had homework drawn anxiety before in the past, I've never had it this bad before. Has anyone else had similar issues and do you have any advice for overcoming this temporarily in order to write the paper? It's a midterm grade so I'm absolutely dying on the inside.Homework anxiety?Well here I am on a trip by myself. 

So far my hostel is just devoid of life, my bedding has blood stains on it,  the sun is now down and I have no clue what to even do with myself. Even if there was someone to talk to I've been feeling like I'm intruding on people all day. I already blew it at border control by being hesitant and scattered brained, plus I didn't fill out a form right which I'm sure will bite me in the ass later (and tinged my experience from the start with dread and fear). Being on the street is nerve wracking because it's clear I'm not a local and I expect hostility to strike out from anyone and anywhere. I don't know what to even try to do since every attraction closes up early and the only thing to do is drink. I drink, but not socially and I don't really enjoy it as an activity, and  certainly not when I'm surrounded by strangers. I'm definitely not trying to be in the streets at night  when I expect hostility in the light of the day. 

And the guarding of my stuff. Oh my god I'm so tired of worrying about my shit already. Someone's behind me nicking things out of my bag. Someone's gonna snatch my phone. My hostel roommates are just waiting for a chance to shim the padlock . I'm gonna leave something behind. Something's gonna fall out of my pocket . It's completely exhausting just trying to guard my fucking passport.

I don't know how I'm going to even try to enjoy the next 2 weeks like this.  My days are going to be spent licking the wounds I got at night just sitting around alone basically hiding.Go travel they said, leave your comfort zone they saidI have been on a good year. 

I'm getting better and beeing able to learn to control my anxiety and depression.


I've learned that it comes in waves and I've been able to keep myself minimaly productive during bad waves. Then when good waves come I feel like a machine and obsessively get things done 24/7, high functioning.
But I have been on a bad wave for almost three months and I can't get myself out of it.


My brain is on productive mode so I get ideas all the time, I write them down, I can even prepare to act on it. But when the time comes to execute, I'm useless.


Now my anxiety achieved another level where I know there's a lot to do. There's a lot I WANT TO DO. But then I get frozen because there's so much accumulated work that I don't even know where to start.


DAE goes tru this?
And do you have any tips on how to break this spell?How to do accumulated workI'm reading a certain public figure's biography and first thing that struck me about him was, zero anxiety. He packs so much in a day with so many different kind of people, it astonishes me and made me think of my own decisions in life.
Every time I wanted to do something bigger, that relied on someone else (my Dad's decisions etc.) or required 'wait time', anxiety set in in the form of fear, panic, nervousness, and just all around disaster. When I say 'bigger', I mean starting a business, which I tried unsuccessfully for 7 years.
Now that I look back, it makes sense and understand I got anxious when ever it came to talking about work.
However, the only times I didn't get anxious was, when I had to study -- I was not dependent on anyone, and everything solely depended on the effort I put in my myself, in my preparation. And that is how I got successful -- there was never any anxiety when I studied.
This also applies to my relationships. Anxiety never showed up with the woman I eventually needed up marrying.
Question is: Does anxiety show up only in things that are not destined to happen?x-post: Is 'Anxiety' the missing link between You and Everything You Wanted?Anyone else feel defeated when they made the decision to start medication for anxiety?I don't know what to do. It feels like I've dug a hole that I can't get out of. I'm in danger of failing one of my classes, and not due to a lack of effort. I am extremely overwhelmed with midterms and projects coming up. My anxiety is making me procrastinate, which gives me more anxiety and I don't know what to doI'm seriouly having a breakdown over schoolHi 34, Male here, i'm a few years into therapy now and i'm struggling really hard at the moment 

i'm just finding it really difficult to see that I can make any real change in my life even if keep going to therapy 

The first couple of years of therapy where really difficult  but still it felt like there was something in the background that was just willing me on 

but now that will has just left me , the main overpowering thought i have is me telling myself that i'm being too sensitive and just beating myself up for daring to think that any feelings if sadness i have matter 

i mentioned this in therapy and it was suggested that i have these thoughts because i heard them being said to me quite a lot as a kid and should be treated in the same way as i did with self criticism 

But this feels different to the "inner critic" which took a while to break me down

it feels much stronger and its really removing any will i have to get better

my therapist tells me that there is no time frame on how long it takes for a person to feel better about themselves , but i just can't see it happening for me now, it feels like its too late 

loss of interest in selfDoes anyone else have this? I can fall asleep at night just fine, but every time I wake up, no matter the time (sometimes 2 am) I wake up, I get the awful rush of stress anxiety hormones through the my shoulder and arms. It feels like chills, and it's terrifying. The only way to get rid of it is to get up and out of bed for me, but I'm so tired I don't WANT to. Anyone else have this and found a trick? I currently have all of these skin issues and I think it might be related.Cortisol Awakening response?I have constantly recurring intrusive thoughts in my head and I have a hard time dealing with them at times. They can range anything from social issues to big existential or ontological dilemmas I've made up in my head. I try my best to rationalize them and neutralize them to the best of my ability and recently I'm strongly considering seeking professional help.

But two days from now I have some of the most important exams in my life coming up and while I am completely prepared for them and I have absolutely confidence that I'l do very well if I just go in there calmly and perform to the best of my abilities, right now I'm constantly worrying about being "trigerred" to to speak and being unable to control it.

So I'm asking is there any advice you guys can give to help me stay focused when I need to without letting these thoughts overwhelm me?

I've also somehow acquired the notion that trying to "stop" these thoughts forcefully somehow without engaging them or spending long amounts of time rationalizing them will severely harm me emotionally somehow. This is even more troubling because I clearly don't have time to do that in the middle of the exam, so stopping them is my best option. Can anyone help me dispel this notion?..I can't explain why exactly, but being reassured of this is extremely important to me right now.

I really need some help right now and I'm worrying like mad, so all advice is extremely appreciated. Thanks.How to deal with Exam Anxiet, constant intrusive thoughts and how to temporarily shut them off?I just recently started to take Lexapro for 2 days and have already experienced and am currently experiencing depression, panic attacks, mental irritability, emotional numbness, drowsiness, skin irritability, high alertness, and I have trouble sleeping.

I think I should lower down the dosage as Im at 10 mg right now. What do you guys think?Should I continue my medication?Just looking for a little motivation here. My anxiety has been at an all time high lately and I'm starting to feel anxious and worried that I'll never get it under control. 

Anyone know of any stories from successful people who have dealt with anxiety in the past etc?

ThanksFamous or successful people who have overcome anxiety?So, I have an assignment due by the end of this week... And even though it's only Tuesday/Wednesday and I do have the rest of the week to finish it, somehow the moment I start to think about it, the more anxiety I start to feel.

I think I know why. I just dread starting the assignment... I am required to pick a topic, do some research, and write a short paper. But the problem is, out of all the topics, I am neither familiar nor interested in any of them. But being a perfectionist, I just insist on doing hours and hours of research in order to get everything right. I will open 20+ tabs at once, which just overwhelms my poor HSP mind. I have spent many hours on a similar two-page paper, and I am very sure I'm going to spend just as long this time round.

I dread the assignment. I really dread it. I dread it so, so much... I am plagued by the insecurity of getting anything wrong, or writing poor arguments, because ultimately the topic would be new to me, I wouldn't have been reading widely about it in the past, and inevitably I'm not going to magically write some flawless paper at the end of the day. I understand that. But I just can't help feeling all so jittery and frustrated and stressed when I just can't do it.

I dread the assignment, and that's why I wish I could do it as quickly as possible, get over it, and resume doing the things that I like and am interested in. However, the more impatient I get, the slower I feel that I am (even though others tell me I'm perfectly fine), and the more anxious I get. I would then start to catastrophise things and just feel a really horrible feeling of self-doubt and frustration and hatred...

It's just so horrible...

I mean, well-meaning friends have told me to "not think so much" and "just continue doing it", but I just can't stop thinking and hesitating and failing to reach any decision at all. Impatience is burning inside of me, and I just want to get the goddamn paper done as quickly as possible, but I'm frustrated by how much time I need to spend on researching things I am not interested in (and therefore, perhaps, think are really difficult i.e. catastrophising again). 

I really don't know what to do. Up till now, the only way I know of escaping from this feeling is to procrastinate and push it aside, but in reality it only makes the anxiety even stronger when it comes back. I think the last time I did a similar paper, I did try to be more patient with myself and accept my limitations. I managed to finish the paper, without procrastinating too much (ironically). But nevertheless anxiety still kept creeping in and out. 

This time, though, I'm just so impatient, and I want to complete this task as quickly but also as perfectly as possible, that I just refuse to try the aforementioned method again. Because it feels slower! Because I just can't be patient with myself! Patience = slow!

Still a few days before Sunday... To be fair, I could finish this paper fairly quickly, within two days, but I'm just so plagued by both time anxiety and perfectionism that I just cannot make any decisions or do anything for the paper at all. And then when this stress subsides when I wake up tomorrow morning, I'm just going to dig myself further into the hole by either ignoring this problem again or to start emotionally snowballing again until I am not in the state to do anything productive...

Tomorrow is only going to be equally unproductive and chaotic and plagued with so much unnecessary pressure and anxiety, and I am so convinced I won't be able to finish anything at all!

Please help me... I really don't know how to... I don't quite know how to be less anxiousI used to have just below average vision, something like 18/20 but ever since an accident in which my younger sibling jumped onto the air pad too early and shot a stomp rocket flying into my (good) eye I've steadily been diagnosed with worse vision at every visit. Last time I went they told me I had 20/200 vision, so at 200 feet away someone with normal vision can see something as well as I can at 20. Last night, just to experiment I took my glasses off for the bike ride home and to my dismay I couldn't properly read the giant "TACO BELL" sign properly from even 10 feet away. The bell itself was just a huge blob of color. The same with gas prices on a nearby gas station. I got down my street, which has its streetlights pretty spaced out, and not only could I not see to the end of the street the way I used to but at one point my vision morphed such that I could hardly determine depth perception at all. I'm 22 and I feel like at some point down the line I'm just going to be that blind all the time. Just seeing giant blurs with no way to determine what I'm looking at. It scares me so to avoid it I keep thinking back to when it happened and thinking "if only it didn't happen" "if only I had account for my sibling jumping on the air pad before I moved out of the way" "if only there was a way to change my life" but there isn't and it gets me feeling worse and worse.The more I think about how bad my eyesight has gotten over the years the more cheated about the past and nervous about the future I feelThis is the third time I try to get my driving license. 
I drive really well but once the examiner gets into the car and the exam starts, my heart starts pounding fast, my coordination gets really bad and the worst of all: my thoughts start racing. I try to ignore them, and I try to get into the "state" of flow and just concentrate on driving. But I simply can't.
Right after the first intersection, I turn right, it's a big street with many lanes, and making sure to stay on the right lane, I accidentally drive head first into the bus lane. I get out of it, and keep driving, I thought it was a mistake but kept on driving and even parked perfectly.

I knew the results the next day (that's how it works in Spain), and looks like it was an eliminatory fault. The second time I tried, I did well, but I fucked up on the parking, the examiner even let me try again, but I was so anxious and couldn't concentrate, I fucked up the parking again, I thought it had no solution but it was so simple to park the car.
And the first time I did my exam, I was so nervous I really felt sick. Like, the examiner told me to turn left and I thought "too late to switch lane" and kept on driving. She was so mad at me, I tried to explain, but meanwhile she said "turn right" and I didn't turn right because I didn't hear her, or didn't concentrate because I'm just a disaster. After this she was so mad she told me "do whatever you want" and finished the exam with a shitload of errors.

I paid so many classes and the three exams, with my own money that I made this summer (since my parents can't afford it) for nothing, and I did so well on my classes... but I can't control the anxiety, I do really feel sick and I don't know what's going on. I'm a male, I'm 19.
My depression is getting worse every year and I smoke weed frequently since I have nothing better to do and makes the depression go away (never smoke when driving or studying) but nevertheless has affected my memory and sleep a lot. I'm a good student but some times I get tired of studying so much (comp science) and feel burned out since this summer I worked pretty much every day.
I feel so lost, and I write this because I have no one to talk to.

Is there any medication or drug I could take to not have anxiety? I guess depressants would affect my motor skills and that's not good. My anxiety gets so bad at some points I feel ill. I will try a different instructor since my actual one never explained many things but honestly I feel desperate.Anxiety won't let me pass my driving test... For the third time.Hello, first time Reddit poster here. Been diagnosed with anxiety since 3 months ago. I'm in a bit of a sticky situation. Every morning, I will eat breakfast, go to the toilet before leaving the house, then when I leave the house, I get that feeling that I need to poo (usually diarrhea) and i feel really anxious. And sometimes when I come home, i won't even take a poo, nothing comes out. Then when i leave the house again, I need to poo again. It's causing me not to go to school. When i get to school, i'm usually fine. 

Any tips on how to get over this anxiety, which is causing me uncontrollable bowel movements?Anxiety causing me to need to poo HELP!!!!I stayed up late reviewing for an upcoming test, and I barely got any sleep -- of course I was exhausted, so the first thing I decided to do was to grab a Starbucks Doubleshot Energy, and I finished the entire thing in about 3 minutes. I don't usually drink coffee in large amounts, the most I've had before was in a tiramisu dessert.

My first lecture was fine. I was alert, I was doing great, I wasn't nervous at all, unlike most days. Then cue me going to my second lecture (a huge lecture course, may I add) that I usually feel most comfortable in due to the elimination of the possibility of the professor ever calling on me. 

I started shaking five minutes into the class, full-on trembling. I couldn't control my legs or my hands from shaking non-stop. I also started feeling extremely nauseous (not due to hunger, more like the anxious, pent up, terrible feeling just above your stomach), I started feeling hot and cold flashes, and my hands and feet became ice cold. I also had this extremely strong, inexplicable feeling of dread, like something horrible was coming -- but honestly, there's nothing in my life right now that should be causing this severe feeling. 

Is it the coffee? This severe attack is still plaguing me even as I type this up in my dorm room. I can't stop shaking, and I still feel extremely sick and fearful of this unknown doom -- what is this? I am a very anxious person, but I've only felt it this severely once or twice in my entire life. It's almost as if I'm sick...Does coffee trigger anxiety, or am i anxious about something i don't remember?After anxiety attacks I become so tired. Just totally physically drained. Does anyone else have this problem? What do y'all do?TiredTmi warning, but last night I (f,30) ended up having a full blown panic attack during sex with my partner (m,40) of two years. 

There was a long build up even though things were going well - he was attentive to my needs, loving, all the good things I like, yet I couldn't get out of my head. 

Brain kept getting stuck on the loop of "you're not good enough/hot enough/skilled enough, you're taking too long" etc.  Finally at one point I just burst into tears because I was certain I "couldn't give him what he wanted" and that devolved quickly into shaking and inability to talk, fast breathing and then freezing over. 

Like most attacks he was with me at the beginning but pulled away as it went on, knowing there is nothing he can actually do to help and often him trying to fix it makes it worse. 

Now it's the next morning and I'm filled with post-attack blues. Dread, guilt, embarrassment, fear it will happen again, frustration, anger. We've been having a rough time in our relationship lately anyways because of my anxiety and now I'm so frustrated that it's showing up here of all places. 

I don't know how to explain what happened other than "you were great, but my brain is a self sabotaging cock blocking asshole and I'm pretty shaken up by that but I'm ok can we try again" because I'm pretty sure he's going to think there is some basis for reality in this, since during the attack I said I was sad that I couldn't give him what he wanted.

Has anyone ever experienced this?? How do you explain it and get back on the proverbial horse?? 

Tl;dr 

Had sex, stopped halfway because brain told me I'm terrible in bed and partner must be disappointed in me, had anxiety attack and partner just quietly slipped into the good night and now everything is awkward. Don't know what to do or if this is something that happens to anyone or just me.NSFW I had an anxiety attack during intimate time with partner and I'm so upset about it.I can't bring myself to get out of bed at the thought of speaking to my class of 28 this week. I keep having panic attacks and I can't stop crying. I can't even talk to my tutor without freaking out. I'm so tired. Breakdown over a public speaking assignmentI've been battling with anxiety for years now (I'm 20) but finally decided to get help. I had to switch medications a week ago and a common symptom of switching anitdepressents and starting a new one is depression and hopelessness for which I have plenty of right now. The first few days I would lie down on the couch for hours and not want to do anything. I thought "welp this is my life now." I was telling my therapist that my biggest fear in life is to be a social recluse, like that guy from benchwarmers that's afraid of the sun. I've never been like that, I'm kind of an extrovert and like working, yet I feel like that's where my life is headed. I don't want to go to work anymore even though I love my job. We took a few depression tests and I scored low on all of them, and then she said something.

She said I'm anxious about being depressed. This actually does make sense. I don't feel as though I'm depressed. I have dreams, some motivation (though not as much as before), and a will to live. Yet I'm having, almost intrusive thoughts, constantly about quitting my job, staying at home forever, never finding a job, etc. it scares the crap out of me. I have a lot of "all or nothing" thinking where I basically think: If I take leave from my job I'll never go back &gt; if I never go back I will be unemployed for life &gt; if I'm unemployed for life I will never move out &gt; if I never move out my parents will have to support me &gt; if my parents have to support me when they're gone I will be homeless and die. It's a viscous cycle 

This sounds really dumb. Maybe I am partially depressed. Maybe it's my new medication taking effect and the old one still working it's way out. I just wish I knew how to stop feeling this way My therapist says I'm anxious about being depressed23 year old male starting new job. I've dealt with anxiety and depression with regards to my personal life constantly being worried about how I fit in with family and friends. Have done a lot of work to get through that and become more comfortable and confident in who I am. 

Recently have been bogged down by much bigger and broader thoughts of not being able to make it professionally in this day and age. I realize that I barely understand how the world works in the past and present, but it appears to be changing so rapidly and the fear of technology making human jobs obsolete makes me feel helpless and anxious about my future. I find it hard to focus and learn the job I'm currently being trained in when who knows what the future will hold. Anxious/fearful of the futureI'm currently renting the top half of a house, and it turns out that the laundry room is in the basement- where my neighbor lives.
Theres a door separating her apartment and the laundry room but because of this, I can hear her if she decides to complain.
Which she does! A lot! I get scared and nervous and I think I'm having a panic attack from being down there.
Every single time I think about doing laundry my heart beats fast and I get shakey and nervous, and I end up putting laundry off for weeks at a time.

I've talked to the landlord about this, and how I'm scared to do laundry. He told us that we're doing good, and that the downstairs neighbor is the problem if she's not trying to talk to us directly. I should also add that the landlord is currently trying to evict the downstairs neighbor for not paying rent, and wasting power.

My landlord is a cop and deals with noise complaints all of the time, so he obviously knows what it's like to deal with nitpicky neighbors.

Despite the pros to doing laundry, and the fact that my landlord doesn't like the downstairs neighbor either, I still have the beginnings of a panic attack whenever I even think about laundry.

What I'd like to ask you guys, what can I do for myself to stop feeling like I'm gonna die if I go downstairs? I'm terrified to do laundryI go over what happened and how I may have come across after being in a group of people, or a situation and sometimes feel like I want to apologise to people for the way that I was or explain my behaviour realising how it might have seemed. Do any other people have anything they do to relieve anxiety?Do any of you have things you do after being in a Social situation that allow you to process itMy mind is so restless that at 3 am I can almost convince myself that an all nighter might get me back on schedule. 

By 5 am my mind and legs are so restless that I'm exhausted and begin to wish I had fallen asleep at 3 am so I'd be functional during the day. 

And then I wake up at 4 pm and it's just too late to feel responsibleSometimes life is good and I feel responsible. And some nights just go like this...Hi Guys,

I recently visited my doctors and got diagnosed with GAD and will be seeing a CBT Therapist soon! (Hopefully)

My question to you guys is, Why do i worry about having time off for Anxiety? I haven't had any off yet but i just feel like sometimes i cant get up properly in the morning and feel like i want to just be alone for the day. But if i would do that i would feel bad for not going to work. But my Anxiety also bring on a bad stomach which leads to...well you know.

Thanks guys,

P.S My Anxiety isn't really bad but i do have days where i dont want to do anything and feel sick.

**EDIT** - Thanks guys for this. You words have helped me get an open mind on some of the things that i worry about on the daily. I knew subscribing to this SubReddit would be worth it.Time off Work due to AnxietyI've had pretty severe anxiety for quite some time, accompanied with OCD - if I didn't do something properly, I'd go into a complete panic, the same thing happened with school projects and hobbies.

It developed into panicking and paranoia about someone trying to kill me, causing me to lock the doors every night (which annoyed my family who weren't yet asleep and needed to go outside again) and having someone sleep in my room.

Ended up being put in medication which helped a little - but ultimately, the cure for me was **not giving a fuck.** I literally told myself, I don't have time for this bullshit - my life is far too busy to juggle school, a job, hobbies and my social life on top of my anxiety.

It was a mixture of just not having time for that shit and just saying - oh well. If someone wants to risk a life sentence on me, they can go ahead - I won't have to worry about anything if I'm dead, right?

So really, my PERSONAL cure has simply been not giving a fuck and repeating "I don't have time for this shit."

Might not work for most people, but it did for me.How I Cured My AnxietyA little something I wrote when I was in the deepest, darkest hole of my life. I battled anxiety/depression for a long time, probably not as bad as some of you guys have it, but it definitely fucked me up for a long time. That said, I'm starting to improve, and I believe that you all can to. Beat your brain. You are a wonderful human being with so much to offer this world. Don't let it win. Peace and love.

----------- 

Bottled up emotions from a lifetime worth of pain,
In other people's heads it's sunny, in mine there's only rain,
Thunderstorms and lightning claps, I'm all but at their mercy,
The rainclouds of my mind planting thoughts 
like: "is it worth it?"

Fall back on the bottle like so many have before,
A modern fella's respite, blackout drunk behind closed doors,
An easy choice to hide away, shun the world and all its people,
But don't be fooled by their come-on stares, 
cause people are fucking evil

Have a crack at making friends, they say it's all the rage,
So why when I try to talk them, do I freeze on my own stage,
Climbing heartbeat, sweaty palms, it happens every time,
The only way I can convey myself is writing thoughts in rhyme

That's the cross I always bear, I know it could be worse,
But there's still never a single day that I don't rue my curse,
I'm spread out thin across my life, and still can't touch the edges, 
I'm drowning in my own self loathing, wasted, 
hollow, helpless

If there's a cure for what I feel then please, just let me have it,
I want to take my life back, find its horns and firmly grab it,
To take control of what I thought I'd lost forever more,
The first step to overcoming it, is opening the door
Closed doorsCome with me,

a place to be,

worry free,

temporarily at best.

It's only a game.

Start again,

to find,

you never moved.Splurged a poem when my mind was racing
I recently moved to start a new job and I'm really not handling things well. 

I'm worried I'm not meeting expectations at work (and they have in fact told me that) so I'm really on pins and needles. We're on a business trip now and I can't seem to do anything right. 

To top it off, I had left a poor review of my previous job on an internet site (I had stuck with the job for 2 years too long) and my boss figured it out. She's pissed and i feel terrible. 

Basically I'm a gigantic mess right now. I can't sleep. My chest and other muscles are tense, and I'm laying in bed at 3 am in the hotel crying. 

I just needed to get this out. Hi guys.I want to go talk to someone about how I feel but Im afraid that its all normal. I don't want to waste their time. I'm not sure if its anxiety, depression, or both. Whatever it is Im fully functional and able to live life. Im functional but not happy. I do what I have to do because it has to be done. Though some things take a bit of working up before I force myself to do them. 

Ive been like this for as long as I can remember. I remember walking up and down the hall, from the kitchen to my room and back, as a kid. Trying to work up the courage to ask my parents if I could go out and play or stay the night at a friends house. If I didn't go out to play I just sat in my room on the internet or watching futurama over and over again. The only time I came out was to eat or do my chores. I'm 26 now and still feel like that. Most of my life I have had anxiety about social things. I constantly feel like I'm being judged. Whenever my boss wants to talk to me I feel like I did something wrong or guilty even though I handle all my responsibilities. I assume the worst of all situations. I over think everything, especially relationships. I cant sit still, I always fidget or pace around. If I sit still I can feel the need to get up and move around build up inside until I have to do it. I hate crowds of people, even when its people I know. Going to a fair or event is torture. Just going into the break room at work is torture. I can physically feel them surrounding me. Its not painful but I cant really think of a better way to describe it. I have always had a hard time making or keeping friends. I can do it but I feel like its too much work. The ones I do keep around I always feel like Im bothering them. When Im feeling lonely or needing to get out of the house I think about texting them but then figure they have something better to do and I dont want to bother them. When they invite me to things I usually make an excuse as to why I cant go. Last friday I was invited to a party by a coworker. I wanted to go because I was bored and wanted to get out of the house. plus the off chance there would be a woman there I could hook up with. I got ready to go but then just sat at home, I couldn't bring myself to go. people always say "If I go Ill wish I stayed home. If I stay home I'll wish I went" That pretty much sums up my internal battle with every social event I am invited to or want to go to. Its funny a friend I made last year kind of understands how I am. He told me that he had friends over one time and before I came over he told them that I will come off as an asshole and like I hate everyone. but that its just how I am and Ill warm up to them. He also understands that when he invites me to stuff there is a 80% chance I wont go. 

2010 to 2015 I lived in vegas. I consider this to be the worst time of my life. I hated going out and being around all the people so I just stayed home 90% of the time. I just worked, and slept every day. Sometimes I would go out with people from work. I eventually met a girl. we dated, and got married. About a year into our marriage I started back into my work and sleep habits. I was miserable at work, I was miserable in the city, and now I was miserable at home because all I did was sleep. she was feeling neglected and that made things worse. I don't blame her though. October 2015 we moved. I immediately started feeling better. new work, new scenery, less people, and the  people were super nice. I was happier and starting to be more active. The damage was done though, we decided to get a divorce the second week of living in the new place. It wasn't bad, we both wanted it. I had time to come to terms with it, I got over it quick. 

This last year has been amazing. I cant remember ever being this happy. I cant recall any times I was sad or down other than normal stuff like breaking up with a girl. I even went to a movie alone, something I never imagined. Everything was great until the last few months. Im starting to loose motivation to do things again. Projects aren't fun anymore. I'm sitting at my computer and not doing anything all day. I cant even find the motivation to play a game on the computer with friends even though I want to and I am already there. Its literally a click away but thats too much. My anxiety about being around people is back. feeling like a burden is back. I want to get help so I don't go back to feeling like I did when I lived in vegas.  I have seen how good things can be and I dont want to go back.

 Is this something real? Should i make an appointment with my doctor? What do I talk to him about?



I have always felt like I don't have a real or valid problem because I am able to functionI've been suffering with depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember. I remember waking up with anxiety attacks at 4-5 years old. I've also gone through enough depressive episodes to kind of know how to deal with them. But lately it just seems like it's the worst it's ever been and I don't know how to handle this on my own so I just need to vent. 

I'm so depressed that I literally just don't get out of bed in the morning. I skip class and don't do my homework, and all of us who deal with anxiety know that missing things due to depression just makes the anxiety of falling behind 10x worse. I'm failing majority of my classes and I just want to drop out. I won't, but I want to. 

A couple of weeks ago I lost my job due to the grant I worked for ending. I haven't had a job in almost a month and my funds are getting low. I have applied a few places but I haven't even gotten a call back yet. 

On top of that, the week before I lost my job, I got in a car accident and had to have work done on my car. However the insurance decided it was a total loss so they cut me a check, it was the perfect time since i received the check a few days before the end of my job. However I have a horrible spending problem and have spent WAAAAAY more than I should be and am low on cash and have no job. I know this is my fault but it's still stressful. 

Now tonight on my way home my car began to leak transmission fluid and it looks like something has busted. So, I can't drive it. I don't know what to do. I've already missed a ton of class this semester and this just doesn't help whatsoever. I planned on trying to be a better student. And do my homework and get to class but now I have no car to get to class or to go job hunting. 

Also as soon as I got home I noticed my cat behaving weird and noticed his gums are bleeding and I don't know why. Im hoping it's just teething since he is still young but it definitely doesn't help with my anxiety at all. 

I'm just so stressed and anxious and depressed so if you read all the way to the end, please, send me prayers/good vibes/internet hugs/whatever you believe in. Please. I need all the positivity I can get right now. Thanks  I just need to ventI'm was addicted to video games and it remained for several years. However last year I was able to overcome this addiction. Just recently I realized that I'm probably addicted to my computer. I guess anxiety problems are linked to addiction.How common is addiction linked with anxiety? What addictions do you have?I've had anxiety as long as I can remember, but recently was diagnosed with depression as well. Additionally, I started a new job and it's been good, I enjoy it and the challenges of it. It's been bumpy but I've been managing. However this past weekend I got very anxious, very low and became physically ill at the idea of going to work, so I called in sick. Then today I had to again as I still am not better. 

I guess what I'm asking is for advice on how to not let anxiety control me this way. I feel awful at having to take a day off and guilty that I'm not "sick" enough. What do people do in this situation? Dealing with work-related anxiety.I'm supposed to be taking 40mg Citalopram daily. I fucked this up. I can't take pills daily to save my life, so I don't think I've taken them regularly since I started and I know I haven't taken one in about 4 days. 

THIS IS NOT ON PURPOSE. If I could control it better I would, I've tried. 

I feel like shit, I feel like a fucking failure for not being able to take them regularly but I also feel disgusted about having to take them in the first place which is making it harder to take them. 

I feel like I'm not ready to be without meds but then again if I'm taking them so irregularly would it be okay to stop? 
Need advice - Please!Does anyone else get really bad anxiety from staying up late? Not even just staying up late but from the idea that you are the only person (that you know of) who is up that late? It give me really bad anxiety until one of my friends responds that they are still awake and this is the only thing that helps. It's really strange and I get it when I'm staying up either studying for tests or doing homework at say 3-6 am. Anxiety from Staying Up LateSo I'm a senior in high school, 17, not that different from an average, just more weird and crazy. Anyways, I always have episodes of anxiety, especially around this one girl I like. We talked a few times before. Very beautiful, very smart and hard working, attributes I fancy. However, I can't seem to work myself up to talk to her initated or talk without a low voice and maybe some stuttering. How can I get myself to talk to her? I asked her a few times about homework from another class, so thats off the list, just trying to find a new way to interact with her, maybe ask her on a date if she isn't busy.Talking to a girlYikes, so much guilt and shame. Haven't taken more than 10 days off in a row in 10 years. I feel like a useless member of society. So I am on day 1 of my medical leave.Those who have defeated anxiety, what helped you the most?I went to the Urgent Care on Christmas Eve because my doctors office was closed, and I had a sore throat. I have OCD and anxiety, and I have always been a bit embarrassed about them. While I was in the doctors office, I started having a panic attack about something I'd been obsessing over for a long time. My heart started racing, I began to shake, and I felt dizzy, so I told my doctor that I was having a panic attack. He replied by saying, extremely loudly, that this wasn't the place to talk about panic attacks, told me that I should get in contact with my family doctor, interrupted me when I tried to explain that my doctor was away, and then immediately left the room while I was in tears and in the middle of the sentence.

Yes. There are better places to talk about mental illnesses than an Urgent Care, but when I'm having a panic attack, completely breaking down, and truly believing that I'm about to die, I deserve attention, respect, and compassion from a doctor WHO'S MAIN JOB IS TO HELP PEOPLE.I went to to Doctor..I just feel exauhsted mentaly at all times pretty much.DAE feel like their mind isn't as sharp anymore?I don't really know how to describe this feeling. I have an exam coming up tomorrow morning and I need to pass it. I did about 101% on the first one and I mostly know the general ideas of the questions that will be asked. So why the **FUCK** does it feel like I need to vomit my food that I am currently trying to keep down, that if I go to sleep I may not wake up tomorrow, that the world is going to end tonight, that whether or not I pass this exam will mean a life of poverty and homelessness and Ill lose everything Ive ever worked for, etc, etc, etc. Im getting disoriented just thinking about it. I have already had a vasal vagal reaction to this stress before but I cant seem to ignore it as much as id like to. I feel like bursting into crying my eyes out, like hyperventilating and screaming all at the same time but nothing comes out. My body feels like its too warm and no position of laying down feels like itll do anything to relax me. My mind feels like a cage that i cant escape with a noise proof shield between me and any help that I could possibly get. I dont want to trouble my family about this because i dont feel like they deserve to worry like that. Its just every single fucking night it feels as though once the last person awake other than myself goes to sleep, i am released in my own personal canoe out into the open waters of anxious waves and depression until daylight comes back and hopefully if something happens to me someone will be able to walk into my room and help me if something goes wrong. Its a personal hell, and i want to escape it. I just read the "Breathe Deep ~ It's gonna be ok &lt;3" statement just before clicking the submit button, and now im teary eyed... Im scared. I dont want to fail, i cant fail. I just want the silence to stop being so loud.Overthinking like crazy. Feeling like im going to vomitLong story shirt, I had a breakdown that resulted in me promising to a friend to go see my therapist again. That appointment was today and went fairly well, but now my therapist wants to have another appointment on Thursday with a couple of my closest friends present to get some outsider perspectives on my behavior, because she's currently only getting my side of the story and is concerned that my friends and I are having communication issues that are contributing to my anxiety.
I'm fine with this appointment because I know my friends will support me, but I'm also extremely scared because 1. I didn't tell my therapist the whole extent of my problems for fear of having a meltdown, so I don't want her to think I'm keeping things from her on purpose when my friends present their findings, 2. I don't like crying in front of other people because my mind has (for some reason) convinced me it's a sign of weakness and that might heighten my anxiety further, and 3. I don't want my friends to think that I blame them for my problems. I do want to have this appointment because I'm interested in seeing what other people think of my behaviors (I have a horribly skewed sense of self-awareness), but also I'm frightened that my friends will turn against me (this is a long-standing fear of mine despite me knowing these friends since elementary/middle school).
Is there anything I can do that might be able to ease my worries? It feels like something is sitting in my throat and my mouth is really dry.Going to see my therapist with some friends on Thursday. Extremely nervous.My psychiatrist thinks it's time to try meditation. Something I've been trying to avoid. I also have really bad social anxiety, and I'm wondering if it might help with that also. Any medications worked better than others for social anxiety? 

I figure if I'm going to try this, I might try getting two birds with one stone... Has anyone had improvements in social anxiety from anti-anxiety medication?A friend of mine (who I kinda like) told me he's sick this morning, so I offered to take him a coffee.

I left an hour early thinking I'd chill there for a bit before I had to head to work.

I don't know what happened.  I froze up. We were just standing there talking and he asked if I wanted to chill there until work. I should've said yes but I said no? My heart was racing like fucking crazy. I drove to work on the edge of a panic attack. Now I'm sitting in the carpark of a nearby park listening to music and trying to breathe.

He probably thinks I'm a fucking weirdo. I fucking hate myself.Currently sitting in my car. I can't breathe.I was thinking of asking my doctor to prescribe me something for terrible social anxiety and GAD. I know that all medications work differently for each individual person, but was just curious at what medication works best for you. Which medication works best for you?Hey guys, 23 year old male here. I had my first episode of panic attacks about 3 years ago. It completely changed my lifestyle and behavior. At the time, I thought I was having a heart attack or stroke, but after going to the ER I was introduced to what panic attacks were. 


I'm in the situation now where I cannot trust my own body to live. I am constantly in a state of anxiety that rouses on the borderline of panicking. Sometimes it does hit that panic mode. It's worse when I'm at home alone, driving, or eating. I just feel vulnerable in those situations and I seem to have lost all confidence in my body. A few weeks ago I had a series of panic attacks in my sleep that have resulted in what I guess is insomnia. I haven't been able to fall asleep in accordance to my will for the past few weeks, and I find myself staying awake until I pass out from being so tired. 


I was going to a counselor who was helping ease the anxiety for a few days after seeing him, but I haven't been there in nearly 2 years. I feel like I am starting to hit rock bottom again and I just scheduled a doctors appointment, but they can't see me until mid January. 


Kind of a rant but if any of you guys experience the same or have any suggestions it would really be appreciated.Health AnxietyI made an animation on performance anxiety and procrastination. hope this is useful!I have a history of anxiety/anxiety attacks, this time it has been happening for 2 weeks, not an attack but I feel as if i'm not real,i'm not in control of my body/I feel like a 'drone' and I have been zoning out a lot too. I stopped taking medicine for my anxiety/depression a few years ago, I feel nauseous and almost feel like something will snap and I won't be the same. I'm a hypochondriac and mistake anxiety symptoms for other things. I'm agoraphobic also. My biggest fear is that i'm in a 'coma' or something similar, and these feelings of 'not being real' is strengthening that fear. Is this anxiety or something more serious? How do I fix this? I know i'm fine and there is nothing to worry about but it wont go away :(Anxiety?I have this big problem where I randomly get anxiety with no clear triggers (likely not the only one) and it causes me to not do any work since my body refuses to do anything. This delay of work causes me to worry about not getting it done and then I get anxious about it sitting around which then makes the problem worse. Eventually I just end up not doing it which hurts my grades and career which then makes my anxiety worse. I now have so much regret and just want to reset my life, but I know that's not how it works.

I'm sure I'm not the only one with this problem so this is honestly more of a rant than anything. My doctor doesn't want to give me any medication even though I have tried all his other techniques. "Luckily" I've had hives these last few weeks due to the anxiety and I now have a meeting with my doctor tomorrow to discuss options so maybe I can finally get my life on track.

Sorry for the long an unnecessary post, but I'm really hoping someone here relates and can help.

I apologize too much. Sorry.

Edit: Since a lot people have seen this, I just want to say thank you to everyone who has commented and shared with me. While I am sorry you deal with it, too, I am glad I am not alone in this. Not sure if anyone cares, but I just got off the phone with my doctor and he is finally giving me something so I am unbelievably happy. Thanks again, everyone.DAE have the problem where anxiety causes them to not want to do work which just causes the stress around work piling up which just makes the anxiety worseI've been taking Paxil for almost exactly a year now for my anxiety. Before I started taking it I couldn't even leave my house without having attacks like crazy. I felt like I was going to die every time I walked out my front door, and sometimes when I walked out of my bedroom door. Thankfully, Paxil saved my life and now I am a functional human being again, but there is one major downside. Over the last year I have gained 20lbs. If you have taken Paxil, how much weight did you gain and when did you stop gaining weight? Paxil weight gainI recently got a new part time job doing inbound sales in an office. I was nervous like anyone at the start of it, but now I'm a few weeks in and I started getting more comfortable. It's been a big change for me because I was unemployed for almost eight months before this job, apart from a month where I was hired at a bookstore and they fired me because I found it really hard and demanding and I didn't really fit in.. 

Anyway, so I have this new job and it was going great. My boss is encouraging and positive and the team is supportive and helps me learn a lot. I fit in and it's pretty fun environment. Because it's a sales position though, the sales you make are important. I did the best I ever have last week and my boss and I talked and he said it was good, didn't make a big fuss about it but it was getting there.

Fast forward to my next shift where my manager sits me and the other new guy down and she says that she thinks the boss is worried about the low sales from us and that we can do better.. I did worse on that shift, and when I asked about why the other guy didn't work as much as me, she told me that she wasn't sure how much longer they were keeping him around because he didn't seem to be picking it up fast enough...

Since that Friday I've spent all weekend feeling anxious and stressed and I can't relax. I'm avoiding doing any uni work, I just want to stay in bed all day, I'm finding it hard to get the motivation to even leave the house to go to class.. I used to feel like this all the time but I have no idea if it's anxiety, all I know is that I'm avoiding doing anything productive and I feel sad and nervous and scared. I'm worried that I'm going to get fired for not making enough sales. One day it was all great and then the next suddenly I'm told that the boss is concerned about the sales when he never said anything to me... it's like a total turnaround.

 Now that I feel this way, all the small things seem like big tasks.. like making calls, leaving the house to do uni work. I know I'm going to be nervous every time I answer the phone at work now. All the feelings of 'I got this!' And all that feeling of being capable has gone out the window.. 

How does anyody deal with this? My shift is tomorrow and I've spent almost four days thinking about what was said.. How do you perform well when you're trying to just get through the simple things but you're held to a much higher standard than that by your managers and boss?Anxiety about work performance?Sorry this is rambling, I'm having a little bit of trouble getting my thoughts into words

After reading a lot of the posts here I think my issues with anxiety are way less severe than people that are on this subreddit. 95% of the time my main experience with anxiety is being pretty anxious around people I don't know. I don't have a panic attack or anything, I just get really quiet and keep to myself.

 However, I have had two bad brushes with anxiety since starting grad school last year. During my first semester we had a take home final that I started really late. I had a ton of anxiety about finishing it and ended up staying up 40 hours without caffeine or anything and throwing up a bunch and had a lot of heart palpitations. The same thing happened the following semester. I ended up having heart palpation and throwing up regularly for a week leading up to the midterm and the week we had to complete the take home midterm, though i was able to sleep and the anxiety was only really bad during the night time.

I recently started seeing a psychiatrist because of problems with adhd and started taking 30mg of vyvanse. I mentioned both the anxiety around other people and the panic attacks. She thought the vyvanse might fix the anxiety problems, but said if it doesn't I might need to take something for anxiety.

I just went back for a two week follow up. I told her that I like the vyvanse but still feel like i get distracted easy so she is upping the dose to 50 mg. She asked me about the anxiety issues and I told her that I felt better in my interactions with people I know, but still felt some anxiety when interacting with people I don't know. She said since I was still feeling anxious and because the higher dose of vyvanse can cause anxiety that she is going to start me on zoloft. I'm supposed to take 25mg for a week and then 50 mg. 

Based on what I've been reading here Zoloft seems like a pretty serious drug and I'm not sure that it's appropriate for the level of anxiety I feel. Then again, the fact that I'm feeling pretty anxious about taking anxiety medicine has to mean something right?

TLDR I got perscribed zoloft and I'm not sure if I need it or if I should take it

I have some general questions:
Can I drink on Zoloft?

Has anyone taken Zoloft with Vyvanse? Does the appetite suppression of Vyvanse counteract the weight gain effect of Zoloft?

Is it easy to stop taking if I don't like it?

How much introspection do you have on it? If it starts changing my personality or dulling me will I be able to recognize what's happening?

Has anyone taken zoloft in grad school? Does it interfere with the healthy stress that helps you stay on task and get what you need to do done?

Thank youI was just prescribed Zoloft and I'm scaredI'm not talking about specific anxiety events, but just events as a whole that may 'amp you up' even with no real anxiety/panic. For example spend most of the day out doing things, engaging in social contact etc etc. The next day I nearly always wake feeling somewhat spaced out, with a sick stomach and a bit of a headache. Its like my body holds onto the tension somehow. Do you suffer from what can be described 'overstimulation'?I am a guy in late university. I am living in a  cycle of nothingness. I have no interests as everything seems obnoxious, I have no friends even though I've had many many friends in the past, but I just can't keep an interest in people as I can see through most of the bullshit, and when true colors are revealed it's manageable but cringe. Also my closest friend studies interstate so I'm rarely in contact anymore plus I'm losing interest. I'm an average looking guy, dysfunctional parents, and I've come to a point where I can go days without saying a word. And I have no interests in anything apart from surfing the web, maybe learning to trade to but after a while it gets pretentious. What really triggered me since yesterday was that I was going through my facebook history from highschool days, I always thought I was an average funny cool guy in highschool. But looking back I was in my own opinion a self loathing loser. So I can't even relate to my childhood to feel joy. Further despite this being a common problem among guys, there is not much awareness or accessibility at least for guys in my area to mental health help in my area. I am not suicidal, though my live is a living analogy of a dead person anyway. My parents have sucked the joy out of my life, as they initially pressed for me to goto university, but now despite my full time heavy load they've broken me down day by day about getting a job whilst studying 'because other people do it'. Personally I can't, I struggle with managing different things, but if I have one thing to focus on I do great. Maybe they think I can handle it because I did relatively well in highschool. Even if I do get a successful career, or am successful in trading, the people that I meet will most likely be of the same stature as they are now. Either bland and open, or closed off but interesting. Additionally I can't find the motivation to do anything, since I am in a spiral of nothingness. Some might say move out to by yourself and get a change of scene, which would require a full time job, but at this time I couldn't manage a full time job (I have worked full time before) I am moody, lack the motivation, have internal stomach problems in the morning and don't seem to get along so well with many people. Some people might say, man up and get a job, move out stop being a bitch. Sorry but to those people saying that I've never had the support or normality of life that you probably have that is naturally motivating and joyful. As I have 0 joy in my life. Some people may have suicided in my position, while it seems logical, I can't come to self harm. I couldn't even pinch myself. Anyway, in 10 years I will probably be a bland guy, with a decent career, single or dating someone I don't really want to be with and going out to social events with people I don't really want to hang out with. Although I will probably be in earning through a method I enjoy.

-CheersThe standard anxiety postHello! This is my first post so I apologize if it's not allowed, I didn't see anything otherwise in the rules. 

My doctor has decided to up my Zoloft dosage as the 25mg wasn't doing anything. She jumped me straight to 100, which I didn't think anything of until I took it for the first time today. In short, I've been high what seems like all day. I took the pill around noon Eastern time, and am finally starting to 'come down' and it's around 9pm. I know it's probably because of the huge jump in medication, so I'm thinking about splitting the next pill in half and easing myself into the dosage. Does anyone have experience in this? Maybe I should call my doctor and tell her to back me down to 50, then go to 100? 

Also, I know there are some side effects to taking Zoloft, so I'm looking for anybody that takes it or has taken it and your experience. New Zoloft dose?I have never been diagnosed with anxiety but experienced this emotion sometimes. Right now I'm going through a difficult time and all I feel is intense anxiety, which keeps getting just worse and worse. I'm overthinking all the time and cannot control my thoughts or anxiety that can be uncontrollable sometimes.

Please share any advice, thank you.What do you do if you are experiencing intense anxiety?So, now, up until a therapy session, my diagnose was depression. I feel like it is still fitting to an extent, but the more important issue at hand that me and my therapist discovered is my anxiety. I'm scared of a lot of things that I don't normal people are as scared of as I am. Generally, the things that I am scared of and that make me feel... weird thinking about, are getting on the wrong train/bus or missing my stop, losing my luggage, wallet, phone... and being stranded somewhere far away from home without any money, ID...

I also get anxious when I have to get up the next morning and go somewhere where I'll be the entire day. I rarely got this when I still went to school, but that's probably just because I've been there for years.

I get anxious before phone calls and appointments.

Now, the thing that's messing me up the most, is that I'm scared of getting a job. I'm anxious even just sending out a resumee. I've graduated in 2015. In all this time, I've only ever put out three resumees because of that. The worst thing is, I can only talk about this with my therapist and my girlfriend. Which might be more than some people, but I can't talk about it with my parents. I'm scared of that. And they're putting pressure on me to finally get a job and I can't tell them what's going on inside of me. I'm also incredibly anxious at job interviews. More than most people. I don't have any confidence whatsoever during them. Or at least I can't show my confidence. I stutter, get hung up in my sentences, fiddle with something...

I just really don't know what to do anymoreMy anxiety Might just ruin my futureI've been having issues with my breathing lately. I make another post the other day, but basically it feels like I'm not getting enough air when I breathe, but I'm not wheezing or suffocating. The strange thing is that if I can focus on something hard enough, like engrossing myself in a book or TV show, or when I'm at work and so busy I barely have time to think, then the sensation goes away completely (or if it's there, I definitely am not noticing it). This makes me think it's anxiety-related.

But on the other hand, I went for a run tonight. I'm fairly active and try to run 3-4 times a week, but have definitely been slacking this month. During the run, it felt like I couldn't get enough air, but I powered through it at my usual pace. When I say "physical symptoms" in the title, I mean that I was trying to breathe harder than normal to compensate for the perceived lack of air, and I had some bad cramps in my stomach, lower chest, and sides. I've read up on hyperventilation, but I'm not breathing rapidly or having a rapid heart rate

I'm back at home in front of my computer now, and the feeling is totally gone. I know I should probably just see a doctor, but hypochondriac me is convinced I have cancer or something gruesome, and seriously is terrified of going to the doctorBreathing difficulties that seem like they're in my head...but also have physical symptoms...?Hey everyone I am sorry for the long post. Throughout my life I have struggled with anxiety. Ever since I was young. And it has only gotten worse over the past few years. I am 21 years old now. 
I got into a relationship with this amazing guy 6 months ago. I love him so very much. However, I have been plunged with anxiety. There has been so much I've noticed that I have a problem with - and the primary emotion that comes up is anxiety. I get anxious every time I feel he may be mad at me. Just very small things can get the adrenaline rush going. And recently I can't even tell if the problems I am having are due to problems that are actually present or my skewed/irrational perceptions. 

I just called a friend to talk and she said I should maybe consider going back on medication. I hate medication. Absolutely hate it. Every time I have been on it I have left it. It ruins my mood and destroys my sexual libido. I don't really understand what the medication does and how it could help me.
I just want to be normal. I want to not overthink everything. I usually have breakdowns like this every 1 or 2 months. I am really tired of having them. I have noticed patches in my hair and I suspect its because I deal with so much anxiety. 
I needed to get this out. I am sorry if the text may have contained some cynicism but please do educate me. The past four days have been an anxiety nightmareFor so long now, I worry in my head about every little thing that I am doing and how it is perceived to other people. Where I am looking, where my legs are, where my hands are, my posture, my facial expressions. It goes on and on. Sometimes its more and sometimes it's less but sooner or later i always find my self back to worrying about something insignificant. Lately I have been thinking thoughts that are very demoralizing to myself and I have come to believe that many people find me weird and don't care about me or want me around. 3 years ago, I finally came across a group of friends after being friendless for almost all of middle school and the first entire year of highschool. I'm always worried that my friends are plotting jokes about me. My friends insult eachother often for fun but when it's towards me I think that it's all to make me feel bad and it gets way too personal. One of my friends humiliates me in so many public situations and when others are around him they all join along to his side because everybody thinks he's hilarious. Whenever I try to defend myself, I feel as though there is no way for me to win an argument and I always am perceived as wrong and overreacting, even though I am not. The constant insulting and disrespect around me from those I have to call my friends has made me feel like shit about myself and I often don't talk in group settings in fear that one of my friends will make some insult on me and everybody will laugh at me. I've even started to have dreams where people I consider my friends are telling me that I'm an awkward freak and nobody likes me. This happened 2 nights in a row. I feel like I used to be such a confident person and this overthinking and bullying from my friends has made me just a shell of what I was. I'm just ready to leave this state and go to college and make new friends where nobody knows me. Do I have anxiety?I have been battling IBS (Irritable bowel syndrome) for as long as I can remember. I also battle anxiety and depression. These mixture of problems have COMPLETELY destroyed my want to live. Every time I wake up, every time of the day, I have an overwhelming chronic pain in my stomach that literally paralyzes me, not to mention to nausea, it literally makes me throw up sometimes (even though I never do), the feeling is hell when I go to work or Walmart or anywhere the pain wrecks me completely. This is by far the worst pain I have felt and it has completely took over my life, I just drag around all day and it is SO despressing. I see people walking around normal and I almost get upset because they don't feel what I feel and the degree of pain. All parts of life are just teeth grinding pain and I get so hot and nauseas mixed with the pain drives me crazy. Can someone please point me towards the right direction, I am dreading going into work tomorrow. It hurts so bad, I don't know how much longer I can last like this. I am constantly a blink away from crying because of the pain. I cannot work like this, there has to be another way to live. And no, suicide is not an option. 
PS. I have tried doctors and never get anywhere with them, they cannot figure it out and decide to send me to specialists and they have gave me pills that didn't help anything. I can't just be weak or something, this can't be real, I have nightmares and wake up with the most gut wrenching pain in the middle of night and in the mornings. It literally freezes me. I know wall of text, bla bla, blow me.Im on the brink of something not good...help!!!Has anyone here been housebound by their anxiety and had to move? I have really, really bad panic attacks and have been mostly housebound for two years. I'm moving on Thursday, and while I am excited, I'm terrified about the car ride there. Trying to find something to take the edge off, but psychiatrist can't prescribe a benzo since we meet over Skype. 

Any suggestions on how to calm down? Any breathing  exercises that have helped you? Meditation?Agoraphobia and movingJust had a panic attack in a 3 hour college class, worked up the courage to calm myself down and get myself back in there, and not 20 minutes later I had to leave again cause I was sweating so hard. Fml. Leaving once is whatever but everyone knows what's going on and is probably judging you when it happens multiple times. So embarassing too being overweight and the first symptom I always have is sweating like crazy.....Multiple anxiety attacks in classLast year around this time my husband told me that he wasn't sure if he wanted to be married anymore. It was the worst time of my life and I'll never forget it. Looking at my journal, we had an arguement/conversation that probably put things in motion 1 year, 2 days ago and about 2 weeks later he told me that he didn't know what he wanted anymore. 

I never fully understood the why, even though he told me his reasons - It's just not something I understand how people can feel and even though I know why he felt the way he did, I don't understand what him or I did to make him feel that way.

To be honest, I really haven't been letting it get to me. Yes, I know it's almost been a year since everything happened. But we've been fine. Ever since everything happened we actually seem like we're closer, he's my best friend. 

For the past 2 days I've been having dreams about him leaving me. Even if I wake up, once I fall back to sleep it just starts over again. It sucks, and it's affecting me during the day when I'm awake. I don't want to feel depressed or anxious when I'm alone. We're fine, why can this be such a bother when nothing is actually wrong?

I want to talk to him and tell him that it's really bothering me. I already told him about the first dream, where he left me and no one wanted me...His response? Someone would want you. I guess that's his way of comforting me, but that's not what I really wanted to hear. 

Part of me wanted to post this in /r/offmychest but I think it's fitting here too. Thanks for being a sub where I can come and just talk about my anxiety. I keep having dreams about my husband leaving me and it's affecting me when I'm awake...I've had untreated anxiety for over a year and I've never correctly found a way to manage them. I watch videos on YouTube but I get so nervous that watching them isn't much help at all. So I just sit on a chair or lay in bed wallowing in nervousness.

Any suggestions on how to manage/maintain anxiety?Need help managing anxietyAnd now she completely cut me off.She only said she loved me just to mess with meAt first i want to apologize for my terrible English knowlige and grammar. But I just need to talk to someone. 
I don't know what should I even say about me... well I'm a 16 years old girl that feels pretty melacholic, anxious and suicidal.
All the things i enjoyed like drawing, watching movies, playing games don't give me the joy anymore.. and I don't know why. What is wrong with me? I'm in a releationship with a perfect boy.. He is trying to make me feel better ( and i only feel happy when he is near me, but he cant be that often. he lives far away). I feel horrible when i "bother" him with my dark thoughs even tho he says he doesn't mind it and loves me so much. I know he loves me. He is the only person i can tell anything to. I don't speak really to my family. My mother is sick even for seeing my stupid face.  My dad doesnt live with us. I don't think i would ever go to therapist or something like that. Nobody would evem give me money for that and nobody really knows about my "problems".

I tried to do things like reading, drawing, trying to talk to someone to get rid of my feelings. But they always come back. i cry alot. Maybe even every day. I get really mad at even a little thing. And even a little thing can make me cry. The nights are worst for me. Thats when i realise how worthless I'm. How Im just hurting everyone ..
I don't like most of the people .. they just.. don't understand me. And I dont need them. I have some few friends but i could never tell them that im feeling suicidal or anything like that really. Im very uncomfortable in a bigger group of people. That's when i mostly pretend that I don't exist.
One of my escapes is music. I mostly listen to Twenty one Pilots. They just perfectly sing about things i can't say about my feelings.

I would like to change. I can't sleep sometimes because all of... this.What should I do?My dad has cancer and is expected to pass soon. I've been very anxious lately and stressed out when I think about dealing with school. Last weekend I got a call that my dad was probably going to die within a day or two, so I emailed all of my teachers and told them. The thing is, early last week I had a group project presentation that I got out of because of it, and since we hadn't started work on the project until last weekend I wasn't able to contribute. I also got out of a test this week. My dad ended up getting a blood transfusion(he said he had things he wanted to say to his kids still) so he didn't die,  but I think all of my teachers think he has as well my group members in that particular class. I'm afraid if I tell them that he didn't actually die yet that they'll get mad at me because they'll think I told them he had died just to get out of the presentation and test. I would have been too emotionally distraught to do the presentation anyways, I think, and we hadn't started working on the project until that weekend so with thinking that my dad was going to die I didn't work on it. None of this would really be that much of a problem but I have a test in another class(won't be too hard and is a take home test, but if my dad dies close to the test I won't be able to work on it) and my group has an essay to do by Sunday. I'm just terrified that all my teachers and group members are going to get really mad at me and think I was lying. I just feel like it might seem suspicious if I tell everyone my dad is dying right when I have a project due or an exam. I'm kind of freaking out... I feel like I should let my teachers know, but I'm so scaredAnxiety dealing with school and the passing of my father...(New poster) Well today I faced one of my major triggers by calling the doctor's office and making an appointment. I made it through okay, no major trauma, but tomorrow I have to actually have to go see the doctor. I've been avoiding it for 5 years, and have no idea where the office is inside the building or even the doctor's name.. 

All of my triggers are probably going to occur. Asking questions, thinking that people are constantly judging me harshly, dang NEEDLES... Ugh... 

But I have to go... I've had the flu and a high fever for over 9 days and I lost hearing completely in one ear. Good vibes please..?

An update if anyone cares: it went okay. Luckily no needles. The receptionist was someone I knew, so that ended up helping a lot. And I have pneumonia. Tomorrow I have a doctor's appointment..Okay guys I've always struggled with anxiety and not until college did I know what it was. A year ago exactly I started my journey with antidepressants. I started with Prozac, then Lexapro, and I've been on Effexor for 8 months. I started off with 37.5 mg and it was working well, but my anxiety attacks were still a bit more frequent and I started to have crazy mood swings, I went to a brand new doctor and explained and he told me to double my dosage and that next month he will write a script for the higher dosage. In that month I was Jackle and Hyde, I would have days long anxiety attacks, and my depression became SO sever that two weeks ago I had the most manic episode and tried to take my life. It was an odd situation because I never fully understood what an out of body experience would feel like until that moment because I saw everything happening and all I could think of was "dude seriously, calm your shit. You have no reason to be acting like this" but my body was doing something completely different. I spoke with a counselor and she read me off a list of side effects of Effexor and out of a list of about 100 possible and common side effects, I had about 60 of them. It was such a sigh of relief to know I'm not crazy. I went to the doctor the following Friday and he obviously took me off Effexor and prescribed me Seroquel...I've been reading up on it and I'm terrified to take it. It's and anti-psychotic and my head just keeps saying "but I'm not crazy." I haven't taken any antidepressants since the day after my incident because I'm afraid. I've been off now for 8 days and I have severe "Antidepressant discontinuation syndrome" and the dizziness, vertigo, brain zaps, and just straight up zoning out is so severe, but I can't bring myself to take it. I'm curious about seeing a psychiatrist/ therapist and also interested in cognitive behavioral therapy. Do any of you have recommendations? I'll travel the most 30 mins, maybe 45 mins. I live in Denham Springs, I just know I need help and I'm asking for it.I just really need help...Every time I develop a relationship, my insecurities kick in as soon as we start to get really close. When I get too close too people, I somehow become suddenly self-conscious, reserved, and depressed to the point where I begin to push people away. I finally found the love of my life, Already feel this happening. I absolutely refuse to let this happen with this girl. I already plan to seek cognitive/behavioral therapy once I get the money, but I want to get a head start. Can anybody recommend some self-help books for social anxiety or anything relating to this matter so that I can fight this misery in the meantime?Social anxiety is ruining my relationship. Can anybody recommend any good anxiety self-help books?I have what I think is called social anxiety. I don't like to leave my house unless it's to specific places I know I can handle. Dropping my daughter off or picking her up at school. One grocery store. Forget restaurants or movie theaters. I cannot handle the noise, the unpredictability. Perhaps I should mention I am blind on one side, and this probably makes me more cautious than perhaps I need be. 

I have a wonderful four year old daughter. I went to her parent/teacher conference on Friday. They had nothing but shining things to say about her. They also said she is very shy and that it would help if I could schedule occasional playdates with a couple of girls she enjoys playing with (if the teachers encourage her). I want to do this with all my heart, but I cannot. 

Then, my daughter wrote a "letter" to one of her school friends last night and wanted to send it to her in the mail, so I emailed her mom and asked for their mailing address. Her mom enthusiastically replied and asked if my daughter might be free for a playdate tomorrow. She handed it right to me! But I can't. I just can't. I feel terrible that I am depriving my daughter of this. 

I am already being treated for PTSD and anxiety (medication &amp; therapy). I really felt that would help. But I feel like my life has been reduced to postage stamp size. Has anyone else had similar experience? 

My own cycle Affecting my daughterI'm 28 years old and have always been an organizer, perfectionist and "clean freak." Recently - and it has gradually become worse over the past few years - I've had extreme compulsions of worry. Lately, I've been noticing every single little flaw concerning my house and cannot quit thinking about it. It's always something, though, whether it's my personality, house, or merely feeling inadequate. I can't feel comfortable in my own home and want to move. My wife's certain that I wouldn't be "happy" anywhere. It's not really a lack of joy, or unhappiness, but more of overthinking and magnification of every thought. How can I just enjoy life? I am blessed with a great wife who supports me (albeit is frustrated at times) and two (soon to be three) wonderful and beautiful children. My wife and others think we have a nice home. My high standards have created an insane amount of worry. What is wrong with me? What do I need to do? I'm grateful and thankful for what I have. I don't want to be like this. Any help is appreciated.Do I have a problem?I was at a hockey game last night and I seated in a very secluded section, like a suite kind of. And some guy, wearing all black, with a hat and backpack walks into our section, and is standing behind us, just, hovering. I know for a fact they don't allow backpacks in the arena, so I was just freaked out.

A million things went through my head, do I run, where can I run, he's going to detonate something any second or pull out weapons, do I tell my mom I love her, what do I do? 

Meanwhile, nobody else looks even SLIGHTLY worried. Then he reaches into his bag, and he pulls out.....a CAMERA. Dude's a photographer. But even in that state I was in, I had the thought, what if the camera is a decoy and that's just how he got into the game?

Anxiety sucks. I don't feel safe anywhere.Anxiety is awful, especially at sporting events :(New here. I am so relieved to see that there are other people out there like me. I always felt so alone when it came to having so many anxieties around my health. I am wondering if I should be looking into some meds for this? The constant fear of dying or that I have cancer is just too much to bear sometimes. I spent the whole day crying the other day while waiting on the doctors office to call me about a skin biopsy that I had done. Turns out its melenoma. I'm terrified that it's spread and that I'll be leaving my kids and husband alone.  The thoughts are consuming my daily life and I'm constantly worried that I have one form of cancer or another. I am compulsively on Google and looking up symptoms. I make things so much worse for myself. I'm probably fine and I feel terrible that my husband has to deal with me being such a mess. Can anyone please give me a starting point? I'm lost. Health AnxietyHi,  

In general,  I have a lot of anxiety about dying.  Recently, I received what I think was two unnecessary CT scans on my head and neck.  I had a prior CT scan three years ago on my pelvis.  I am so scared of dying or increasing my chances to die sooner based on the exposure to radiation with these three ct scans. I've read alone that people can have the effects from CT radiation about 10-20 years. Me being 29, I presume I'll be dead by the time I'm 40-50 based on this unnecessary exposure.  All the articles online say you shouldn't get them and that your exposure goes up with each scan.  I'm horribly afraid because I've had multiple family member die of cancer including brain and bone cancer.  I don't know how to get these thoughts out of my head when they appear to be grounded in science. I just wish someone would tell me these three scans hardly did anything to me at all but that just does not seem to be the case when I'm told I'm exposing my body to 200-400 x rays per scan.  That and I've had many dental x rays on my head too.  

I'm just scared.  Should I just accept that there's a larger likelihood I'll die at a young age cause of these scans? It's depressing.  

Thanks Reddit for any help.  

Constantly thought about dying - CT scansWhat's the most you've taken in a day?I take Valium for anxiety in addition to Buspar. How much is too much. I feel like I can pop them all day.So I'm bipolar and have crippling anxiety, medicated for both and I see a therapist that's helping. However, I really want a GF, not because I need one or whatever, I'm totally happy with my life and school and work and my passion (writing novels), I just want someone to share that with. It's been a year and a half since my last relationship, and sometimes I go from that whole "I don't need anyone!" mentality to "God I feel so alone."

But every time I post about this on other subs or ask friends for advice (the few friends I do have) they always say to go out more or do your hobbies outside etc etc. The trouble is that I literally just read and write as my hobbies. I see no reason to go to Starbucks to work on my novel or read, or do it on campus. Plus I'm so busy with school and work I don't know how to coordinate all this stuff, and I don't make much money to begin with so it'd be hard to date someone at this time in my life, but I really want a GF. 

I don't like /r/seduction, and I'm not really sure what other subs offer advice on dating that's not biased. /r/dating_advice (I think that's what it's called) doesn't seem very popular. I don't know. I don't have FaceBook, so that rules out Tinder and Bumble and all dating apps except OKCupid, but I've had really bad experiences with OKC. I don't want to date online anyways, because most people don't even look like their photo.

I guess what I'm saying is I'm lonely and don't know how to fix it. Valium helps, but I'm worried I'm becoming dependent on it and I don't want to fuck up my liver. I take two a day (two of the 5 or .5mg ones). Will Valium fuck up my liver over a long time? Should I wean off of it? I miss my Xanax but my doctor won't prescribe it. I do meditate when I can. And I take cold showers.

EDIT: Oh, I forgot to add I'm a 27 year old male going to school in my 3rd year of college while living at home. I've had *tons* of girls in the past, so it's not like I'm a 27 year old virgin or something, it's just been a while for some reason. It's like I lost my ability in the past few years to talk to women / gain friendships.Just me venting about being single and lonely and not having friends due to my crippling anxiety (although being medicated).I hate myself for rejecting all the people who care about me, just because I don't want them to feel sorry for me. They would get pulled down by me and just the thought of it makes me feel extremely bad. thoughtsHi everybody. I'm new here but my boyfriend repeats the good things that can happen by joining Reddit so I thought I'd give it a try eventually. 

Especially because my anxiety has been very bad today.
Some background: I took anti depressants for about 7 years (I'm 27 right now) and decided to start reducing them about a year ago. Right now I'm taking 1/4 of a 10mg tablet of Escitalopram daily. It used to be one whole tablet a day. I've been taking 1/4 for a while now and it's going up and down. Lately I've been quite good, but my job kind of blew it. 

I've been working at a local gas company since June last year. It was a temporary job for 3 months but somehow I'm still there. I sit behind a computer all day, making sure the right amounds of gas are being charged to the right people, basically.
Since May of this year we have to work in hob units on the parking lot because they are completely redoing the building.

Two of my co-workers (I'm a woman surrounded by only men) are very loud people. They need to shout out every little thing they are thinking, which often is very unappropriate. Sexist comments about other female co-workers that can't hear them, their sex life, drinking way too many beers, and so on. They often repeat the same things and they keep thinking it's funny, but it obviously isn't. 
Now this is one part of my anxiety, that I should have said something about this. But I couldn't, because I realise they can never be anything else. When people do say something, they mock them behind their backs. Also, they are my boss's two favorite people.

The job itself is quite horrible as well. The drivers that have to fill in the documents about their working day, so I can do my job, often forget to write things down that I need to complete my job. One of those two very loud and annoying people has to solve some of these things for me, which he will do eventually if I keep asking because he hates having to do those things. 
These things keep on repeating themself, if I say something about it, it might go well for a little while, but it always returns. I can't do my job well because of other people and that is really frustrating to me, with other things, but I always try to stay calm. Also, I work full time but it's almost always done by noon, so I get bored af. 

Now, staying calm and waiting for better days has turned itself against me. Last monday, about half an hour before I was going home, I had a panic attack. My heart raced and I started to sweat. I thought my bloodpressure dropped but that wasn't it. I had some sugar, it got a little better and I went home. It happened again in my car and when I got home I asked my boyfriend to call the doctor because I was really scared. I got an appointment about an hour and a half later, my mom drove me to the doctor's office. She took my bloodpressure four times before we left, my heart rate was a little high but the pressure was fine. But I shaked, sweated and felt horrible, so I thought maybe it was the flu. 

When my doctor told me it was stress and panic, it was a real reality check. I knew stress could become physical, but I was really sick.
So I got to stay home the rest of the week, but I asked my boss to have a conversation on Wednesday. I told him what was on my mind (except the loud people because they are his favorites) and he was really understanding. I asked to end my contract, but by them so i could get payment from the state (I live in Belgium) until I find a new job. He agreed but asked if I could stay until the end of the month and I agreed. The lady from HR wasn't there so we would do the arrangements on Monday (today) because I would get back into work. 

But I didn't. I couldn't get myself to go this morning, my stomach hurt at night by the thought. So I went to the doctor again and she gave me another week. I sent my boss and the HR lady an e-mail but no response yet. If I don't hear anything tomorrow I'm gonna call. 

So, my anxiety makes me feel like a piece of shit because I got another week off. My boss was so understanding and I feel like I am betraying him, even though I know he cares about my health.

I can't stop blaming myself for everything, basically. 'I should have said something earlier. ' 'Maybe they are in trouble because of me.' 'Why can't I just stand up for myself and keep this exact situation from happening.' 'I'm such a little bitch.' and so on. 

Anyone who can relate to this or has been in a simular situation? 

Thank you so much for reading the whole thing if you did, 'cause I probably wouldn't.
It feels good to share this and write it down, so that's already a plus side. 

Peace! Anxiety in his purest form.So I recently saw the text post about emetophobia, and it felt so good to read, knowing I wasn't alone. I am an emetophobic. I am 22 and have been medicated since I was eight. Currently, I'm on 125 msg of Zoloft that just are not working anymore. I've been on that dose for roughly five years now, and I think I'm currently existing as if I'm on nothing.

I worry about throwing up, which upsets my stomach, which gives me diarrhea, which makes me worry about throwing up because I must have a stomach virus. It's a vicious cycle.

I went to see a doctor. My general practitioner asked me my symptoms, felt my stomach and diagnosed me with IBS. I'm upset because she didn't run any tests, but she's probably right...

Last night, I had a meltdown panic attack. I had to use the bathroom twice in a row. That rarely happens. Usually, I have one loose movement and it's over. I lost my mind over it, and didn't calm down until I took a Xanax.

I feel better now, but I'm still scared. My stomach still doesn't feel right. Can that happen? Can you still feel like shit even after the panic attack subsides?  Will it just take awhile for my stomach to go back to normal? Does anyone else have bowel issues?

You'd think I'm new to this. I'm not. Every time, it feels new, however. I've read of other people having bowel issues in this sub, so I guess I do know others have this issue. I suppose I just want to hear it directly for me. It's selfish. I need professional help, I know. But I'm TERRIFIED to try new meds. I'm scared withdrawal off of Zoloft will be bad, or they'll make me throw up...

I haven't thrown up in at least ten years. My body won't seem to let me. I know, in my heart, it isn't a big deal but I can't convince my mind of that.

I need a hug.Diarrhea, anyone? I need help.I've seen another post on this sub about someone mentioning missing a lot of college because of social anxiety. I can't tell if that's what's happening but I keep missing class and I'm getting really stressed out and nervous about it. Today I stood outside of the class and walk around and it felt like people are just staring and wondering what I was doing because I just kept making a loop through the building, and I eventually just left.

I don't know why I can't go in, i guess I'm too nervous too now after how much time I've missed. Could this be some anxiety problem? Just need some guidance as what is causing this if anyone has any clue. Thanks for reading thisDo I have an anxiety problem?How do you just not give a damn and do it! What is the best mind state to have so you stop holding yourself back?How?Just over two weeks ago I started a new job in a field I haven't worked in before. Around the same time, I occasionally felt an urgent need to pee and when this happened I would start to panic if I was not somewhere where a bathroom was immediately available.


I thought I had the beginnings of a UTI and ordered a home test, my panic was increasingly becoming worse and I tried to avoid situations where I would not be around a bathroom or using public transport, the day my home UTI kit arrived I used it and it showed up negative for a UTI, a few hours later coming out of the gym I thought I needed to pee, went to the bathroom and then proceeded to have a full blown panic attack, that evening I went to the doctor who took my blood and urine and prescribed me propranolol in case I felt my anxiety coming on.


I work from home with a team meeting at the other side of the city once a week (about an hour and a half away on public transport) I was dreading my team meeting that week as I now constantly needed to pee and was sure I would have a panic attack and wet myself. The day of my team meeting rolled around and I was so consumed by dread and unable to stop peeing I rescheduled for the following week, at this stage I thought I probably did have a UTI and that was what was causing me the anxiety. Later that day my test results came back and my urine was clean, no UTI, my bloods were fine as well except for low vitamin D.


This caused considerably more panic as I couldn't comprehend what was wrong with me if not a UTI. Over the weekend I tried to test myself (exposure therapy?) by taking public transport I had to get off two buses in the first half hour to pee. This morning I went into the city to work at a workspace, I was anxious for the entire train journey but listening to panic attack audio in an attempt to calm myself down. When I got to the workspace I spent the morning in a state of high anxiety trying to ward off the panic and scheduled a doctors appointment for lunch time, the doc prescribed me 3 valium tablets (my team meeting has been moved to tomorrow and I feel this may be the source of some anxiety/dread) to get me through the meeting.


I know this is not a long term strategy and I don't want it to be. Has this happened to anybody before? How did you cope? What strategies did you put in place to start getting better? I feel like I couldn't handle one or the other, a panic attack without the need to pee or the need to pee without the accompanying panic. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, I feel as though I'm losing my mind! I don't know if it's worth mentioning I have a second job in a restaurant and I am completely fine when I'm there, no anxiety and I can hold my pee for hours!Need to Pee Triggering Panic AttacksMy anxiety is related to my job. I do tech support so it's difficult for me to answer the phone. I've been searching for a new job but my current job pays extremely well and I can't afford to leave it until my lease is up. I mostly end up feeling extremely nauseous, battling IBS symptoms and feeling extremely light headed, mixed with heart palpitations and shakiness. Sometimes my vision even starts to get weird. 

Anyway, every day I go to work I try to tell myself "you only have to make it until your break, you only have to make it to lunch". I basically have to trick myself to make it through the day. Some days are much harder than that and I basically have to treat myself when I actually stay a full day at work. 

My avoidance for my job has gotten pretty bad.  I'm on medication (Ativan and Lamictal) and I try to practice deep breathing but most of the time they don't work. Does anyone have tips for just getting through the work day without fleeing?Struggling to make it through workDisclaimer: I do suffer from depression, but am not suicidal. 
Does anyone else constantly think about death and dying? In most aspects, I am not afraid to die, and if some tragic accident happened and I died, I wouldn't be upset about it, but I feel like I'm being borderline harassed by these thoughts. "there's a crack in my ceiling, it could collapse and kill me" "gee this bus just ran a red light what if it causes an accident and kills all of us" "man this balcony is high if I fell I would die for sure" "I can't swim if I get caught in a flood I'm toast" etc, etc, etc. It's kind of annoying, but in the same breath I don't care because we're all gonna die anyway so if I konk out early then oh well right?I'm not suicidal, but I'm constantly thinking of things that would kill me?First time poster, so please bear with me.

I would appreciate your help in diagnosing my condition. I suspect some big life event might have triggered a sudden relapse into anxiety disorder (I used to feel this way a while ago). The thing is I can't stop imagining the worst scenario ever for every thing I recently did or did in the past. For example, I overanalyze stuff of the past to the point the thinking itself makes me cry. I feel like I'm never going to feel safe again, never going to feel careless. I just feel this huge baggage. Everything is fine for one minute, then suddenly I come up with this long forgotten thing from 2 years ago and start imagining weird consequences.

The truth is I've been feeling pretty lonely lately. And tired. I've never had any friends (there is literally one person who talks to me, except people at work) and I think that the constant loneliness might be taking a toll on my well-being. There's also a lot of stress at work + some childhood memories of not being included or being laughed at resulting in an extreme fear of shame. On top of that... I just got married. And I think it's just too much.

The worst thing is that my husband seems not to understand the problem. Things he says make me feel extra guilty, for example "I thought you were intelligent", "I'm disappointed", "Always crying" etc. Don't know what to do, how to make this feeling stop. I would love to stop for him but it's extremely hard. At this point I can't even imagine a day without being worried.

Please, I would appreciate a kind word or something. Maybe a success story, your coping methods... anything.

Also sorry if my English is bad, it's not my first language.Overthinking might be destroying my lifeI have recently taken 20mgs of Propranolol twice (on separate occasions) for giving a presentation. The first time I took it was a test run, in front of peers. I typically don't get nervous in front of my friends so I did not notice a huge advantage to the drug. The next time I took it was in a fairly stressful work environment where I was shaking before giving a presentation. I noticed a huge impact on my shaking and ability to give a good presentation. I have a MUCH bigger presentation tomorrow that I am very nervous about. I am wondering if I should up to 40mgs an hour before the presentation. The 20 worked well when I was nervous, but this is a much bigger stage and am unsure if I will need more dosing.Performance Anxiety (Propranolol Dosage)I have been dealing with on and off (in my opinion) heavy anxiety for the past three years. Ive had two major panic attacks that resulted in me being exhausted and weak for days after. Also many smaller ones.

My first panic attack was three years ago. Long story short I purchased a international plane ticket to visit a friend. I had extreme joy and within a half hour I was taking a shower and was freaking out. Heart was racing and so many doubtful questions were lingering unanswered in my head. Ultimately I felt doomed and later that day had to pay a hearty penalty for canceling the flight. The day was ruined and I didn't understand what just happened.

A few weeks later after feeling miserable and confused, I went to see my basic doctor. I explained to him what happened and he gave me over 100 .25 Xanax and some other non benzo pill that I never took once. I did so much research on the different medicine and decided that it wasn't for me. I did however take a few Xanax on emergency days.

Months went by and I had good days and bad days. I began avoiding any potential scenario that may induce anxiety. My biggest trigger is being in a scneraio where I cannot easily get out of. Examples are traveling (especially when they close the door on the airplane), meetings at work when they close the doors, large gatherings, and most off all big purchases. 

My next major panic attack was when I purchased a used motorcycle. I was freaking out. Vomiting. I couldn't keep the xanax pill down. I was waiting for the seller to arrive at my house (about an hour) and had family members telling me your not canceling, your going through with this. I bought it and couldn't look at it for a few weeks. I was sick everyday. 

Since these episodes I have done my best to avoid these types of scenarios. I hate Xanax. It's poison in my opinion. It works wonders but leaves me with two fold anxiety when it wears off. I still have three year old xanax that I use once in a while. The past three years I have probably used ~40 .25mg pills. Most of which were in a few days and then stopped. I have quit jobs because of travel requirements.

This past weekend I purchased a beautiful car that has evetything I want. For some reason I am sick to my stomach. Not eating. Vomiting. Heart racing. Smoking a pack a day. Diaharea. I cant kick the terrible feeling. There is no reason why I should be feeling like this. Worst of all, I am a few months in a new job and they want me to travel next week for two days. I'm freaking out. I want to tell them so bad that I have anxiety but I accepted a job that has a little travel involved. If I tell them this they may fire me. Other than the travel I love the job. I don't know what to do! My family says do not say a word to them. If I do decide to talk to them, who do I talk to? My boss? HR? A friend I made there that I can't trust will not say anything?

I'm going to go see a counselor tomorrow that deals with anxiety. I am considering going on medication (this person cannot prescribe medicine) but I don't want the dependency. I can go into more detail regarding the way I am feeling but after reading many stories on here, they sound exactly like what I am going through.Need help dealing with anxietyAny girls I date usually leave me. Whenever I talk to a new girl I just always think about if I'm boring. I have no idea how to keep conversations going and I feel like I can't satisfy anyone in general. This happened so many times and I don't know what to do anymore - feeling hopeless that i will never change and continue being a boring person I think I am. Any suggestions how should I deal with this? Feeling so lost.I'm afraid I'm a boring personI have a Latin class where attendance is mandatory, and I really, really look up to my professor. However, my attacks have been getting frequent and I've missed about 5 lectures so far, and I've sent him an apology email every single time. 

But I worry that he's getting "fed up" with me, and he might start marking me absent (he's been excusing all of my attacks so far and he's been understanding, but I have trauma from a high school teacher who used to understand until she got fed up and began marking me absent and calling me things such as a psycho or the straitjacket girl). 

God, I sent him a huge apology email (a formal, long one, I was shaking and crying as I wrote it) and now the anxiety made me throw up again, I'm feeling sick. I'm also planning to see him after class. Am I taking this too far? Am I going crazy? God I feel so sickHow to tell professor about anxiety attacks?I don't mean suicide, couldn't put my parents, sisters and niece through that. 

I about ready to give up trying to get better. I don't want to, I want to be healthy and happy again. I want to be social and actually have a friend group instead of just acquaintances who don't really care about me. But if it's not the depression, it's the anxiety or the IBS or the crazy family life or work life. Something g always comes around to knock me back to square fucking one. Sometimes even lower than square one. 

I really don't see the point in continuing to try and get better when the bottom line is that I just won't. I know people want to say that things get better but sometimes they just don't. Sometimes they just stay shitty. I'm tired of doctors offices, therapist offices and spending a large part of my life in a toilet, angrily hitting myself because my body can't even function. I'm tired of having to push people away that I would otherwise lo e to have in my life because I know I'd just be a burden. 

Suicide isn't an option (and tbh I'm scared of death) but maybe right now all I can do is numbly walk through life to avoid the disappointment of hopi g to get better but never actually doing it.

Life has beaten me.I'm about ready to give up, could really use some advice or encouragement (x-post r/depression)Im 16 year old and my psychatrist gave me antideprestant what should i expectI have a class that I'm considering withdrawing from because I can barely pay attention for it. It's sort of an elective, so I could fill it with a different class. I have a test in that class tomorrow, so I was trying to decide if I should bother studying for it.

Then, I found out that despite being thousands and thousands of dollar in debt from student loans, I still owe the university $1100. That's literally all I have in my savings and checking combined. And I need to pay rent and bills and eat shit.

It's too late in the semester for me to get a refund for withdrawing. If I withdrew, I'd be paying for a class for no reason. But, I might just fail the class anyway which would hurt my GPA. If I wanted to fix my GPA from failing, I'd have to retake the class. Pay for it again.

If I can't pay for this semester, I don't know what happens. I might just be forced to drop out? I highly doubt classes count toward your degree if you don't pay for them.

But then, dropping out would mean I have to start paying back the loans. No way I can do that, especially without a degree to maybe get a decent job. I've got bills. And I would feel like even more of a complete failure.

On top of that, even graduating doesn't guarantee a decent job. I know so many people who have graduated and can't get a job to pay back their loans.

So, now I'm sitting here freaking out. I should study for my test tomorrow so I could try to maybe get a D. But, I can't focus because I'm drowning in anxiety and I can't stop crying.

Student loans are the scum of our generation. I graduated high school when I was 17. Who in their right minds thinks it's okay to let a kid borrow thousands of dollars? I wish I had been warned about how stressful and detrimental loans are. 

I was always pushed to graduate fast. I'm supposed to be the first in my family to get a degree. A few years ago, I transferred schools and had to retake a bunch of classes. I was taking 23 credits one semester. Then wound up in the hospital because I tried to kill myself. So, now I'm only going part time to reduce stress. But, the longer it takes, the more it costs. I literally feel like I'm being crushed.

And this turned into a very long rant. Sorry.Student Loans are Crushing My Soul, and I still Can't Even Pay My TuitionSo, I never usually post stuff like this, but I'm freaking out and can't talk to anyone. This is a long story: 

Bassically, three or four years ago I started noticing tiny dots of colour in my vision. I went on-line and found someone on a forum saying something like "seeing colour is from brain tumours." (Even typing that out was hard, really gets to me) 

I freaked out, stayed in bed for a week waiting to drop dead. My mum convinced me to go to the doctors to get it checked out. 

Doctor told me not to worry, I didn't have any of the other symptoms but I needed to see and eye-speciaclist to check for detached retinas. Long story short, I went to an optitians who sent me to a hospital. I remeber being exhausted in the waiting area, but just as I was drifting off to sleep I jerked back awake, this happned a few times.  the doctor at the hospital told me not to worry, it was migraines. (I should say here that migraines are a big thing on my mother's side of the family, every member gets them for a few days every few months and is bassically bed-ridden. I know I have a great-grandmother who used to black out from them.

So, I went back to my GP who asked me if I wanted to have a brain-scan because clearly I was very anxious about it. I said yes, but was freaking out because I hate hospitals and scans and a very large part of me just wanted to hide everything. 

Another GP said I should get counciling, because she really thought it was anxiety. 

Along with the headaches, I started having muscel twichtes and spasms in my arm and toes. I told my doctor but at that time I hadn't ever looked at the areas that were spasming while it was happening, so told my GP I could "feel my pulse in parts of my body" She told me it was anxiety. 

Skipping ahead a few months, I go and see a neurologist and kind of break down in his office. He goes through a list of symptoms, some of which I say I have (dropping things, feeling sick, obviously headaches) some of which I say I don't have but in hindsight do, things like fits and what he called "sleep symptoms" (jerking awake at night) 

Anyway he told me I was very clearly anxious and kind of rhetorically asked if I would even get in an MRI machine. I agreed that I wouldn't. He discharged me. I got a letter from the hospital saying something along the lines of "Is convinced he has a brain tumour, but shows no sleep symptoms so am discharching him." 

I eventually worked up the courage to tell my GP I was jerking awake at night, and she said it was sleep apnea, and offered to send me overnight to a hospital for sleep study. I freaked out and said no. That was three years ago, I haven't been back to the doctors since. 

I have had one headache for four years, no one really believes me. I did end up going to get CBT for a few months but nothing really came of it, the only thing I no longer do is google symptoms. (I had a problem with thinking I had loads of kinds of cancer and illneses) 

Anyway, I got a few more symptoms over the years, bigger spotches of colour in my vision, being more sensitive to light, the fits happened more often and one of my synouses has been blocked for about two years... (I can't belive I'm typing this out, I've kept this hidden for so many years.) 

I'll cut a long story short: Half of me was in this cycle of "Oh christ I'm going to die/oh wait no I'm tottally fine it's all in my head utter relief." the other half has bassically just been me not telling anyone because I get so anxious about being in hospital and having scans and stuff like that. I'm in counciling now and have been for the past two years, and bassically I've told my councilor that I'd rather just drop dead one day and never know it was coming. Which is true most of the time. 

But... 

About a week ago I started having really massive fits where my arms were really shaking and my chest really pumping up and down, since then I haven't stopped feeling ill, and all my muscels hurt. Oh christ I know I've got something seriously wrong with me, and I just wanted to black out one day and never know, but now I'm in a huge amount of pain and I'm so scared. 

So, I never usually post stuff like this, but I'm freaking out and can't talk to anyone. This is a long story:

Basically, three or four years ago I started noticing tiny dots of colour in my vision. I went on-line and found someone on a forum saying something like "seeing colour is from brain tumors." (Even typing that out was hard, really gets to me)

I freaked out, stayed in bed for a week waiting to drop dead. My mum convinced me to go to the doctors to get it checked out.

Doctor told me not to worry, I didn't have any of the other symptoms but I needed to see and eye-specialist to check for detached retinas. Long story short, I went to an opticians who sent me to a hospital. I remember being exhausted in the waiting area, but just as I was drifting off to sleep I jerked back awake, this happened a few times. The doctor at the hospital told me not to worry, it was migraines. (I should say here that migraines are a big thing on my mother's side of the family, every member gets them for a few days every few months and is basically bed-ridden. I know I have a great-grandmother who used to black out from them.

So, I went back to my GP who asked me if I wanted to have a brain-scan because clearly I was very anxious about it. I said yes, but was freaking out because I hate hospitals and scans and a very large part of me just wanted to hide everything.

Another GP said I should get counselling, because she really thought it was anxiety.

Along with the headaches, I started having muscle twitches and spasms in my arm and toes. I told my doctor but at that time I hadn't ever looked at the areas that were spasming while it was happening, so told my GP I could "feel my pulse in parts of my body" She told me it was anxiety.

Skipping ahead a few months, I go and see a neurologist and kind of break down in his office. He goes through a list of symptoms, some of which I say I have (dropping things, feeling sick, obviously headaches) some of which I say I don't have but in hindsight do, things like fits and what he called "sleep symptoms" (jerking awake at night)

Anyway he told me I was very clearly anxious and kind of rhetorically asked if I would even get in an MRI machine. I agreed that I wouldn't. He discharged me. I got a letter from the hospital saying something along the lines of "Is convinced he has a brain tumour, but shows no sleep symptoms so am discharging him."

I eventually worked up the courage to tell my GP I was jerking awake at night, and she said it was sleep apnea, and offered to send me overnight to a hospital for sleep study. I freaked out and said no. That was three years ago, I haven't been back to the doctors since.

I have had one headache for four years, no one really believes me. I did end up going to get CBT for a few months but nothing really came of it, the only thing I no longer do is google symptoms. (I had a problem with thinking I had loads of kinds of cancer and illnesses)

Anyway, I got a few more symptoms over the years, bigger splotches of colour in my vision, being more sensitive to light, the fits happened more often and one of my sinuses has been blocked for about two years... (I can't believe I'm typing this out, I've kept this hidden for so many years.)

I'll cut a long story short: Half of me was in this cycle of "Oh Christ I'm going to die/oh wait no I'm totally fine it's all in my head utter relief." the other half has basically just been me not telling anyone because I get so anxious about being in hospital and having scans and stuff like that. I'm in counselling now and have been for the past two years, and basically I've told my councillor that I'd rather just drop dead one day and never know it was coming. Which is true most of the time.

But...

About a week ago I started having really massive fits where my arms were really shaking and my chest really pumping up and down, since then I haven't stopped feeling ill, and all my mussels hurt. Oh Christ I know I've got something seriously wrong with me, and I just wanted to black out one day and never know, but now I'm in a huge amount of pain and I'm so scared.

I've told my mum most of the things I've kept secret for the last few years, but she is really sceptical and thinks it's all my anxiety, she hasn't seen my fits and thinks I don't know what they are. I've considered calling ambulances, but I'm so terrified of going in to a hospital and just never coming out, having my whole life turned upside-down.

Anyway, I have a GP appointment tomorrow morning. I have ten minutes to tell a total stranger all of this, and then I have to deal with being told to expect the worst and being rushed to have a brain scan and basically things I literally have nightmares about coming true.

I just need to tell someone, a part of me wants to be told I'm not going to die another part just wants people to understand how I feel. I've never felt fear like this, it's like I'm having a panic attack all throughout the day. Shit shit shit I'm so scared.

Anyway, I have a GP apointment tomorrow morning. I have ten minutes to tell a total stranger all of this, and then I have to deal with being told to expect the worst and being rushed to have a brain scan and bassically things I literally have nightmares about coming true. 

I just need to tell someone, a part of me wants to be told I'm not going to die another part just wants people to understand how I feel. I've never felt fear like this, it's like I'm having a panic attack all throughout the day. Shit shit shit I'm so scared. 

Can someone tell me what to expect tomorrow? Can somebody tell me what to do?

**tl;dr:** I have something really wrong that's making me have big fits every night and making me feel ill. I've been hiding it for years but it's got really bad and I'm going to tell a doctor about it all tomorrow -- freaking out about what comes next.

Sorry for the massive post, any response will be appreciated.i really need some support. i'm about to finally tell a doctor about some pretty serious symptoms i've had for a while and i think i'm going to end up in hospital. [tW: medical stuff]i've been in and out of the hospital for the past 5 days. each one for a different reason. once i felt like i was having a heart attack. another i felt like i couldn't breathe. i even felt like my intestines have ruptured because i havent been to the bathroom in a few days. i don't know why, but i've been responding to every 'pain' in my body and thinking that it is something serious when it's not. my thought process is "what if they missed this when i was in the hospital" or i'd just think i was dying. i'm 18 years old and i've never had this sort of stuff happen to me before in this intensity. i don't know why it is happening and how to make it stop. any help would be greatly appreciated! i self diagnose and get severe panic attacks?So this isn't 100% traditional anxiety, I think anyway. Basically started a medication and a couple weeks later, my anxiety is pretty much unbearable. I have access to a therapist and psychiatrist, I just saw them a couple days ago. But I need something new. Techniques, over the counter meds, just anything new you guys can give me. Breathing doesn't work, rational thinking doesn't work, pretty much nothing is helping. I have to go to a different doctor today, which involves a two hour car ride. Unfortunately my stomach is directly connected to my anxiety, which makes everything even worse. I don't really want to be half way there and shit my pants. 

Just tell me what helps you. I've taken some tums and am probably going to take a really long shower until my ride gets here. Any advice would be helpful. I'm sort of agoraphobic, so going out in general doesn't help. Please don't tell me to call my doctors. They'll try and talk me down, which won't help and they'll probably send me to a crisis house. Neither of those things will help.Excruciating anxiety.In the past I have been diagnosed with OCD, Depression, and Anxiety, and I have been on meds for about 13 years.  The OCD is mostly manageable nowadays but my anxiety has been ramping up since I started a trade school last month.  5 years ago, I was in a good 4-year college and had to drop out due to my anxiety.  I'm on SSI and I live with my wife and mother but I know that I can't possibly live like this forever.  I need to be independent at some point and I'm deathly afraid of ending up poor.

Like I said, I tried going back to school last month for a 9-month program.  My classmates are all very nice and the work is very easy compared to my old 4-year college work.  It's just that I get really anxious and nearly had a panic attack at the thought of going to school later.  I have missed sporadically since I started because of my anxiety.  I'm on Atavan and I actually took it today and it did not seem to help too much.  I have no real idea why I'm anxious and I'm tired of it.  I don't want to drop out again and end up poor, since this is my last shot to start a decent career.  I cried today for the first time in a while because I just want to be normal and not anxious and make it through school.  I feel trapped and I have no options really.  I've thought about suicide a lot but I know I won't do it because of how it would affect my family.

I'm sorry for the post but I just felt the need to vent a little.  I tried calling my psychiatrist about maybe changing my meds or something so I'm hoping that will help.

Thanks for listening/reading.I'm having major problemsSorry for any errors, first time poster + very high anxiety right now.

For a while now, I have had anxiety attacks early on in the morning. Usually I will wake up anywhere between 5am-6am, and my thoughts will eat at me. I usually wake up for work and leave at 7am. I lay in bed and overthink everything. Sometimes, it feels too strong and I have to get up and walk around.

No matter if I'm in bed or walking around the house, 9 times out of 10, I have an anxiety attack. A couple days ago was a prime example, and actually what pushed me to write about it.

A couple mornings ago I was asleep next to my boyfriend. Usually when I have a long day ahead of me and I know it's going to be a difficult day at work, my anxiety spikes, which is exactly what happened. I woke up at 6am in a cold sweat, and tried to go back to bed. My mind doesn't stop racing, so there is no way I'm getting anymore sleep. I then continue to throw myself into a frenzy of "what if" scenarios (i.e. "What if this happens today?" "What if I lose my job today?" "What if I break down at work?" "What if I make a huge mistake today?") This then spirals into thoughts of every mistake I have ever made, everyone I have hurt, every situation where I have fucked something up. I begin to silently sob in the bed, next to my SO. I contemplate getting up and going to the bathroom to break down, but I feel as though I am stuck to the bed. Right after I think about getting up, I am thrown into a full blown anxiety attack. I am sobbing, my chest is tightening, I am hyperventilating and can't breathe. This wakes up my SO, who is super confused but still holds me while it happens. I wrestle with either calling out of work or getting up and going, each feels like a mountain to climb. Most of the time, I get into my car sobbing, and while I wait to walk into work, I feel like I could vomit up all of my anxiety all over my car. The feeling doesn't stop until I clock out of work and come back home. Then, the calm feeling only lasts for a few hours, because when it is close to bedtime for me, it starts all over again. I think about what will happen in the morning, and how terrible I will feel. I usually take sleeping aids to go to sleep, so after a while the voices drown themselves out, but a lot later than I hope most of the time.

I thought this only happened with early morning work shifts that run all day. Most of the time if I am working a 12-5, I am okay with just walking into work, because I have had time to prepare myself for every possible bad situation that might occur through out the day. But here I am, getting ready to work 12-5, and I can't stop thinking about how I might fuck up, how I will look stupid or make a mistake, how I will get stressed out quickly and want to break down, etc. I haven't been out of bed all morning, just sitting here dreading what will happen, when in reality, I know I will be fine regardless of what happens. But, I still feel the fear, and the heart racing panic of having to get into my car and drive off to work.

I have had this feeling with every stressful work/school environment for as long as I can remember. I even dropped out of a class because I couldn't physically let myself walk in there (the teacher was unpleasant, and my anxiety would spike drastically in their class)

What is worse, is that it's a constant feeling of dread, my heart is racing just thinking about it as I'm typing this. I have missed a lot of work due to this, and I can continue to live this way. I didn't get into intricate details, but there is still so much more to this than what I wrote above. I just can't even get it out, that's how trapped it feels (if that makes any sense?)

I do need to find help, but I don't know what would be a good fit. I really just want to function normally, and not feel like my mind is on fire 24/7. Does anyone else experience anything similar?

TL;DR: my mind is constantly on fire, and I am awoken nearly every morning by a cold sweat and an instant anxiety attack. Was wondering if I'm the only one.



Anxiety attacks every morning?I'm on klonopin as needed for anxiety and took my prescribed dosage this morning. It's been about an hour and I'm still feeling frozen with anxiety. I'm managing but my chest feels tight and I'm increasingly nervous. I can't take another one because I'm terrified of running out before my next script is due to be filled plus I obviously don't want to become too dependent on it. 

I'm trying my best to stay calm. How do you deal with anxiety even after taking your meds? Anxiety after taking medsI had a follow up doctor's appointment today for high blood pressure and a few dizzy episodes. The high blood pressure is still borderline so that is being monitored.

Last time I was at the doctor I had a EKG done and I thought the tests came back normal. This morning, the doctor I saw and my primary care chatted and want me to get an Echo and use a Holter monitor for 24 hours. I have had fainting episodes in the past, plus the dizziness and I guess something wasn't 100% normal on the EKG. The doctor said it could just be my normal rhythm but they wanted to check. 

So naturally I've been nervous since hearing that. I made the appointment for Wednesday but of course my anxiety is telling me the worst (as we can all imagine) and I keep feeling the anxiety in areas related to my heart/what I think is my heart regardless. I'm just scared. Heart TestsI think I feel anxious and unhappy when I go near work just because I have come to associate the place with the feeling. This is obviously not an ideal situation as I need to go to work and preferably not feel awful when I do. 

It's a nice place, the people are friendly, there's lots to do, it's quite green and pretty. There is no rational reason for these feelings, they are just a vestige of worse times. 

But they're not fading away, and I can't go on indefinitely like this, so I thought I'd come here and ask you guys, this feels like it must be quite common...How to avoid associating a place with anxious feelings?Hi all, I don't really come on here a lot as in reddit, but I am in need of advice. I am a senior in an online high school which in the US means 12th grade. I have a horrible anxiety disorder that is made worse by an overbearing family and a family history of mental illness on both sides. My family knows I have the disorder and I've been to a psychologist and a therapist multiple times with not much success outside of citalopram, but that made me suicidal (I am now on fluoxetine, but it doesn't seem to do anything other than make me more anxious than before). I still don't have my license I've failed 3 times now because each time I fail I get less confidant the next time I try which leads to me failing in increasingly stupid ways up to and including stopping at a green light.

To make matters worse my Parents keep pressuring me to get my license and get a job, I want them both believe me I do, you've no idea how badly I want to 'fit in' with the rest of society. However I only ever attempted to get a job once which was two years ago at a discount grocery store, I lasted one night and by the time I got home I was in convulsions, literal convulsions, this is hard to explain, but I had lost motor control and was convulsing. It's hard to even set foot in a grocery store after that let alone work in one and that was two years ago. 

Yet I need a job and soon because I need money for things that I want and need like gtx 1080s and college and because my father is getting increasingly confrontational towards me about getting a job. I've been pulling the old "focus on school" excuse, but let's be honest here that's only going to last so long.
Oh and to make matters worse I'm an only child.

I'm good enough with computers to do repair work and custom builds, and I'm good with sorting and organization because I used to volunteer in a my school's library back when I went to a physical school. However I live in a bible belting middle of nowhere small town, the only options for work are fast food and grocery stores, both of which wouldn't work for me because I can't do anything quickly If I try to rush something then I'll get anxious and screw it up which will cause me to get more anxious and screw more stuff up ad infinitum and I am now terrified of large open spaces because of the aforementioned incident.

I've thought about working at one of the gamestops in the next town over, but there doesn't seem to be any openings. I want to do something that gets me out of the house, but that I can also do in relative solitude.

If anyone on here has ANY Ideas that could help me I'll be ever so grateful, I'm at a loss here, I've tried things like surveys and freelancer, but the objective is to get me out of my shell not necessarily just to make money.Advice for a online high school senior running out of time.Hi, guys, I'm a new user here. The thing is that I need a job and I want a job. I've applied to many vacancies and now when the potential employers are starting to contact me, I'm afraid to answer the call. 

I've always had the phone anxiety. I'm fine with texting but whenever it comes to calling, I just can't do it. Also I'm looking for my very first job, I've never worked before, so this is a double fear for me. I knew they would call me but I even put my phone to a silent mood so that I don't hear anyone calling me. I know how stupid this is, I know I might be missing a lot of good chances but I can't help it. When I checked my phone the last time, there were like 5 missed calls and one of them was from a place that I was actually really looking forward to hear from but I never thought they would contact me. Now they did and because of my stupid fear I didn't answer their call and they'll probably never call again. 

So I just wanted to let it out. I feel horrible but I don't know what to do with myself. I'm not sure what I'm afraid of, I'm just afraid, I know my fear is irrational. Sometimes I just want to throw that phone out of the window.feeling anxious to answer the phoneSo I finally obtained my license last Friday. I passed my road test on my first test no less. 

However, driving on your own is a very different matter.

How soon did you guys start driving after obtaining your license? How did you guys deal with the anxiety?How soon did you start driving after getting your driver's license?Hey everyone. My anxiety has been a lot worse and it's been keeping me up at night. This is causing sleep deprivation, which in turn is fueling my anxiety in a bad cycle. All of this is really hurting my schoolwork and I'm falling behind.

Does anyone have any tips for getting my sleep schedule back on track? It's hard because regardless of when I choose to go to sleep my anxiety will keep me up for a while.Anxiety causing Sleep DeprivationHow do you build self esteem or self confidence? My  psychologist said I have to low of both so I am not ready for anything until I manage to fix it. But I am pressured by SO to fix it soon and find a job or go back to school or she'll leave. I was adviced by my psychologist to make decisions and take risks. However I have not done anything new since I was focused on preparing for medical school admission exam. I decided to take that exam just to secure an option I have been thinking of, that I take med school but I am also afraid of the work load and stress with med school and the medical practice. I though of med school because I once wanted to become a doctor, even when I was took accountancy, and during a period of panic attacks, when I was thinking alone while trying to relax, I felt i wanted to still become a doctor. That feeling only lasted for a while before the anxiety and the depression kicked in again.  So now I need to build both, so that whatever i do i wont crumble again.

Also backstory, I worked as an accountant but got depressed with suicidal thoughts, went to med school but depression recurred, and then law school but panic attacks were constant. Only after did I seek help.

Need adviceTo start, I'll he calling my doctor to talk to them about it as soon as their office opens. But it's pretty much in the title, I took a Paxil substitute at 9:45pm, fell asleep fine, then woke up at 3:00am feeling very very uncomfortable. Incredibly nauseous, constantly flip flopping between too hot and too cold. Couldn't and still can't really concentrate on one particular thing. I can't stop clenching my jaw and feel absolutely wired. It feels like an anxiety ridden come up on shrooms, just without the visuals. 

I was prescribed 20mg and it's my first night of taking it. I'll be talking to my doctor, but has anyone had a similar experience starting up an SSRI? I really don't want to take the next one tomorrow after this episode..First night taking an SSRI, woke up in the middle of the night feeling terrible. Any input?And here we are today. 
Right now, i suffer from the following laundry list of supposed illnesses theyre bullshit but thought id add them in anyways.
-agoraphobia
-Bipolar 1 w/ schizo tendencies
-BPD
-OCD
-PTSD
-Severe Anxiety
-Paranoia and Delusions to a severe degree.


Within the past month, I lost my managorial position. I was sexually harassed by work members and this complaint was thoroughly ignored. But because I had hooked up with the perpetrator I can not do anything about it without getting fired.

I am now medicated, but it really doesnt do much. I hate who I am. I've become trapped within myself. Constantly failing, hearing "you need to do better" "mental illness is not an excuse."

But how am i supposed to keep going if everyday I fear going outside because I might die. How can I be consistent if I'm cycling and drug resistant. How can I work on assignments when the only thing that lets me live is the group chats ive  now deemed my friends, who probably do not like me to be fair. 

I will always be a failure. Anxiety ruined me. I can never go back. I will never be anything successful, I have failed myself. And with every new day that I could get better I do not. I sit and repeat the same actions that killed my spirit in the first place.

The title is misleading, clickbait!! But no, I realize it is time. But I am not going to do anything about it. I have ruined my relationships, my job, my school career, everything that could have been didnt because I am sick.

They say mental illness doesn't define you but all I have become is the textbook definition of the degenerative properties of these diseases. Because I let it happen. I did not care, I did not want to get better, I did not want to heal because I craved the suffering so badly, I wanted to be punished for the horrible sins I committed to deserve such a thing.

But the past two days, I've been really introspective. I know whats wrong with me. I know it's time.I have degenerated to a being of isolation, no friends, no outside contact, no desire for anything in life. I have hit the bottom, only way is up at this point I guess. How anxiety destroyed who i am, and how i realized it was time to get better.My anxiety really gets the best of me when I'm arguing with my SO. If he raises his voice or yells it sends me into a panic attack almost immediately. If he criticizes me (he often has no filter, and he means well but he can be harsh) my mind races with thoughts of our relationship ending. 

He also has ADD and when he's feeling a certain way, he can't always express it in that moment. Sometimes he'll need a few days to sort his thoughts out before he can talk to me. This 'not-knowing' gets me going too. 

When we argue, I almost always have a panic attack. 

I'm currently doing CBT with my psychologist, but if anyone else has any advice on how to manage this better, I would be happy to hear it. Arguing and AnxietyHaven't been on Reddit in a while, mostly because I've been too busy with general life stuff. 

I went off birth control about 6ish months or so, as I figured out the Implanon was making my generalised anxiety 10 times worse than normal.

So for a while I've been doing really well, almost no anxiety at all (with the occasional low-level anxiety normally experienced when I get PMS).

I feel stupid even writing this, but I just feel like I need someone to tell me what the hell is going on.

About two weeks ago I started noticing that I was just.. off. Not anxious or anything, just didn't feel like myself.

Every day I just felt like I was getting progressively less motovated, lonelier and generally switching between feeling numb and sad.

I feel directionless and useless and like I have no aspirations or goals. I literally have no interest in doing anything or seeing anyone.

I started a new job several weeks ago, which is fine but it's not by any means a career that I want (annoying since I don't know what I want, I only seem to know what I don't want).

I am finding it so damn hard to actually be motivated to complete my work, to the point where I feel frustrated when I force myself to work.

Don't get me wrong, I am extremely grateful to be able to work and have an average paying job - but I feel so lost.

I don't necessarily want to quit my job, but I also don't NOT want to quit it. I am a firm believer in doing what makes you happy... but I don't know if quitting would do that?

To top it off, my partner is almost never home because of work, so I find myself feeling increasingly lonlier.

I talk to him about it, but I end up feeling worse that I make him upset. 

I don't even want to write this, as I feel bad for making you have to read this self-pitying drivel.. but I just want to know what the hell is going on? :(Thought I'd been doing really well up until lately...21 male. Working through my issues and stuck in life at the moment

I know it's quite some time off but I'm already starting to worry about it. At Christmas we have a family tradition  of going to my aunts house with my cousins and for so many reasons this causes me a lot of stress the 2 that I'll mention for now are my social anxiety. I can't like physically cannot handle smalltalk, I don't get it or how to do it it has and always seems to elude me. The second thing is we all say what we have been thankful  for that year. It's not that Imuch not grateful for my family and what they do for me it's that I dont know what to say because for everything I say I'm grateful for the more I feel like I'm a failure for having these things given to me and me still being a failure

Sorry for the rant but I have no one to talk to and this forum seems like a substitute for the time beingDreading christmasIs this how it happened to you? Or was it built up over time. Nothing triggered mine at all.. even my doctor was confused because I got a new well paying job and my life was going in the right direction. 

It feels like a curse.One day I was normal, the next I had anxiety that I had no clue what it was.I live in 3 person flat where we mostly keep to ourselves (2 guys, 1 girl). I am good friends with the fella (I've known him since high school, we're now 26yo). The other person is his girlfriend who moved in about 6 months ago.
  


Her and I had never really talked before, apart from casual passing hi's and goodbye's/how's it goin'. However, tonight I walked into the kitchen after a couple of beers, and she was making dinner. I bravely queried about her night out with my mate last Friday night, and she responded positively and eagerly, sharing her experience. She then followed up by asking about my Uni life, which I - emboldened by the liquid courage - shared my progress, hopes, fears and doubts. She responded so encouragingly and genuinely interested, I felt so elated and confident. I offered to show her (and my friend) the recordings I'd performed/created (I study Audio Engineering) the past 6 months, and she was very supportive and curious. After a bid goodnight we returned to our respective rooms.



I sat in my chair grinning ear to ear, hugging myself. Man it felt good to have a perfect conversation with someone that ended on a good note. I hope to have more of these more in the future!

Just thought I'd share. Thanks for reading :)Tonight i had such a positive conversation, I hugged myself afterwardsGreetings &amp; Salutations!

Use this post to introduce yourself if you're new. Or maybe you're not so new, but haven't gotten around to introducing yourself yet in one of these posts. That's ok too! Either way, we'd love to offer you a warm welcome to our community. In fact, if you've introduced yourself before, why not take some time to say hi to the new people commenting here?  What do you have going on this week that's giving you anxiety? Talk to us, we can do this together - **you're not alone in this**.

---       

###Question this week:
**What would you like to learn more about when it comes to anxiety, or see more resoures for on /r/Anxiety**    

---


**Come chat with us!** That's right we have an /r/Anxiety irc channel were we hang out and talk about random things, or help those who are having a hard time. Tons of great people so feel free to stop on in and say hello! [Chatroom Weblink](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/anxiety) : [More Information](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/irc)

*********

[Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/index) | [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/faq) | [Types of Anxiety](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/anxiety_subtypes) | [Online Resources &amp; Downloads](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/onlineresources) | [IRC Channel](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/wiki/irc) | [Community Map](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/comments/3oux2l/add_yourself_to_ranxietys_google_map/)
Welcoming Newcomers &amp; Free Talk Thread - October 17, 2016I'm sitting in my car it's 130 am and I just had a bad panic attack felt like someone was choking me and my body so tense :(Doctors keep prescribing all type of antidepressants but will not prescribe clonzepam (klonopin). I need it. Celexa meltz available effexor pristiq wellbutrinExchange antidepressant for clonazepamAny time im in the car for more than an hour, or i know im going to be leaving home for a few days, i get anxiety about having anxiety. I get nervous because i dont want to throw up, which eventually makes me hurl. Its a vicious cycle and im reaching my breaking point. Does anyone else throw up/get extremely nauseous?I can't do any basic things anymore. I can't sleep to save my life. I try so hard, but I can't stop thinking about everything wrong with me. I watch youtube or play video games to make me forget about it, or make me feel better about it, but it A.) the feeling of happiness doesn't last long and the anxiety takes over again, or B.) I immediately remember all my problems and have to go back to doing something distracting. I dont think its healthy. I also can't talk much anymore. My friends always seem annoyed when I talk so now I dont talk a lot anymore. I am always too scared to say what I mean, and I get extremely socially awkward. I can't even focus. I am falling behind so much in all of my classes. I have ADHD and this is just making it so much worse. I also can't even eat. I try to eat but my stomach hurts bad. I just dont know what to do. My anxiety is making me feel like I have no point to living because of how much I can't function. I just feel like I'll never be able to work right. I just need help. Its 2AM on a school night and I am only 14 and my life is a mess.My anxiety is so bad I can't functionI've been having an ongoing panic attack for what seems like forever. I'm so tired but I'm afraid to go to sleep and my anxiety is not helping! I just really wish I had someone who knows what this feels like to talk to...ugh :*(I'm so anxious that I can't sleep!!My wife has always had one or two minor quirks. She doesn't like phones and she doesn't like crowds or anywhere that doesn't have an escape route. She also can't learn to drive because that also sets her off. Over the past year or two she has started to get more and more mood swings. These take the form of "bad days" where she gets angry at every tiny thing. On these days her personality is completely different, she's miserable, and then the next day she'll be back to normal. Because of the normal days in between we haven't been pushed to try and fix this before but the bad days are getting more and more frequent. She also says that her panic attacks in crowds are getting worse as are the issues with the phone. She'll put off having to make a phone call for weeks if she can get away with it.

I want to figure out what is causing this for her and how I can help her.How can I help my wifeMy team is so social and they insist on having meetings in restaurants, which also serves as socialization. Then there are meetings everywhere and dinner here, coffee there. Unlike social situations outside of work (e.g. somebody invites me to a party), I can't get out of these. With other people, I just make excuses and they eventually stop inviting me. 

Today we met for brunch and tomorrow we're meeting for coffee before our meeting with someone else. I want to scream and just stay in my apartment and never come out. Then I get rides from my coworker because she lives next to me instead of taking the bus on the mornings when we have a meeting. At least on the bus, I don't have to talk. 

I just wanted to rant. This is torture. 

All of this socializing at work is killing me (Rant)Hey all.  I've been suffering from panic attacks for several years, but in the past two years they've increased to about twice a week, maybe more. I just had one actually or am in the midst of having one right now.  Being a hypochondriac, it's become a pretty horrific experience every time. Mostly it's when I go to bed before I fall asleep.  It always starts with a dull ache in my right arm, then my hand starts tingling, then I feel it in my chest.  I'm always terrified it's a heart attack so I get out of bed, swallow an aspirin, unlock my phone so I can quickly call 911, then walk to the front door of my apartment and unlock the door so that the paramedics don't have to bash in my door.  Then after a little bit it passes.  What scares me is that I'm not sure what brings on these attacks, I think I'm like most and somewhat "ok" or at least decently content with my life, I worry about bills and shit but not too bad at all.  These attacks come on when I'm not even thinking about anything other than whatever film I just watched or whatever comic I just read.  I'm 32 and in pretty good health I think.  No heart issues or anything in my family.  I'd go to the doctor but don't have insurance until January.  Does anyone else experience this?  To the point where you think your heart is giving out on you or something? Am I crazy?Something terrible is happening to me.I was melting down and unable to stop moving and feeling and fearing. Just kept going down that path where what if become forevers, and I stopped myself to take my PRN. God bless this warm bath for my mind, it's so fuzzy and soft. A little napping brain kitten. 

I'm so glad I asked to be prescribed these, I've only taken maybe 7-10, but damn if they've changed my life. God bless PRNsAs I'm sure everyone here does, I tend to overanalyze every situation ever, and then they all stay in my head for way too long. I end up where I am now, in bed at 1:15AM unable to sleep because I'm over thinking every nook and cranny of my life and I can't get my brain to shut up. I've tried sleep aids, meditation, reading, drawing, working, watching videos, listening to music, etc. and nothing can ever get my brain to shut up. I end up laying here for hours until my body is so exhausted I pass out. Does anybody have advice to get my brain to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep? This is driving me crazy. Overthinking myself sickI have been dealing with strep throat for the past few days. I went to the doctor, told me that my heart was rapid and that I needed to get more fluids in me. About 24 or so hours after that encounter, that's when I started to feel chest pain. It was very uncomfortable but not painful. I was unable to fall asleep though. It was a mix between truly unable to sleep because I was uncomfortable and actually fearing that I won't be waking up in the morning.

I was finally able to sleep for a little bit between the hours of 9:30-12. Not very much sleep as a part of me was still on edge, but much better than before. My chest wasn't hurting as much and I thought I could go to work so long as I took it easy.

I went to work but I was already very overwhelmed. My job isn't hard but the chest in my pain came back. I was supposed to close but ended up leaving an hour and a half early because I was too uncomfortable.

I go home and call a register nurse hotline about my condition. I said the pain could be because of my strep throat, but a part of me was scared of having a heart attack (even though I had no other symptoms of having one and I am pretty low risk to having one). However, she advised I called 911. I did and started to panic.

People come, get some of my vitals, try to tell me to calm down. My heart was racing. I was crying because I didn't want to die. My partner was there with me and dropped everything so that he could be there for me at the hospital. I got a ride there with the ambulance. I felt a little better lying down in the gurdy they had for me. My chest pain was less serve, but the pain was going on for 24 hours so I was really concerned.

I was taken into my own private room. I was hooked up, got pricked too many times with a needle because I couldn't stop shaking and my nurse was unable to get my veins to cooperate. The machine that tracks my heartbeat was blaring in my ear. My anxiety is even worse because of the constant beeping (I have always freaked out over repeated noises, movement, etc). 

Finally they got me on some drugs that calmed me down. They were able to take a picture of my heart. I checked out being "normal" even though my heart rate is still on the high end. I was given Xanax. My chest pain is gone.

I'm just wondering if others have experienced this before. I want to see that I am not alone. I'm going to go talk to a doctor soon about my heart rate problem and get on long-term medication.I ended up in the hospital last night for what i thought was a possible heart attack, but it was just the worst panic attack i have ever been through.My apartment makes me depressed and angry and I hate it so much. Any tips or anything?S.O.S.Last Thursday, I was diagnosed with clinical anxiety and clinical depression by my psychiatrist. I've been having panic attacks every morning since the Wednesday before that (October 5) so it's been an absolute chore for me to get out of bed everyday. I haven't been concentrating in my classes since then so I'm really lagging on all my schoolwork. I'm already on my senior year in high school so it would be a total shame for me to take the whole entire year again when I feel that this actually contributes to my anxiety. I feel like everyone around me is forcing me to attend school; yet I also believe that they're doing this because it is what's good for me. I'm so lost, confused, and scared. What should I do? Anxiety's hindering me from attending school - I need helpThrowaway because you can probably guess why. Also, a doctor or therapist is completely out of the question, but I won't get into that. 

I'll try to keep this as short as possible- I've always been high-strung and nervous about many aspects of my life. I have been able to mostly take this energy and either deal with it, or find a productive outlet. 

Last year I was seeing a girl who didn't want to be anything serious. When she would have plans with other girls, I would freak out, in private. I started having my first panic attaks after she "ended" things. My panic attacks would mostly stem from the fact that I didn't feel like I was good enough or wanted, I believe.

I dated someone after her for a few months, nothing serious, and my anxiety went back to its normal, manageable level, even when it ended

Now, im in a more serious relationship with an amazing girl. However, she is very independent and has no problem doing her own thing without me more often than I am used to. I want to not have a problem with it, but for some reason every time she does this, I end up freaking out because of one reason or another. I had my first panic attack in about a year and a half.  All I know is that's not fair to her. We spend 24/7 together, and she encourages me to go out without her on the days that she is obligated to stay home on.

I don't know where these feelings come from, so I don't know how to deal with them. I'm normally not emotionally open with the people I'm dating because I don't like to lean on them. But I have been with this woman, and up until today she's been wonderful about it. But after today, when I was somehow simultaneously pushing her away and freaking out in front of her, she said "I don't know what you want. I don't know how to deal with this. And this isn't fair to me while I'm trying to have a good time with my friends." I know she's right. 

I know this comes from something, some inadequacy or insecurity that I have. But I can't continue to lean on her and push her away and risk losing her.I haven't had anxiety like this in a year and a half. Can someone help me pinpoint the cause and how to possibly deal with it?  I'm going to say I'm self-diagnosed with thanatophobia. I'm 18 if that's important. Every time the thought of dying, or ceasing to be comes to mind, I begin to panic. I begin to be restless, often unable to sleep, or anxiously sit and think about death. I don't really know how to treat it. It usually comes and goes. When I begin to panic I just think to myself and think about long I've been living, and how long it would take for me to die of natural causes, and it sort of eases my mind. I no longer panic. But with all the news tension recently (threats of nuclear war), I've been panicking a lot longer than I normally do. I'm not looking for political talk, I just want to be reassured that everything will be okay. I want to be able to ease myself if this were to happen again, which it will, but I want to be prepared next time it happens. Thank you and sorry if this breaks any rules.I have a Fear Of DeathIs it just me or do others also struggle with this? I know it's silly to get anxious especially since everyone in the class is trying to understand the material. However, I still worry about what my peers and professor may say if I answer incorrectly. I am particularly struggling with this in my Anatomy and physiology of the voice class. One day we had a guest speaker come in who was pointing at students to answer questions. During the whole thing I was fighting back an anxiety attack. He eventually called on me and I hesitated while answering. Afterwards, my thoughts were negative towards myself. Saying "what is wrong with you?" "How could you have not known that". Any tips would be extremely helpful.Does anyone else get anxious when they are put on the spot in class especially on a subject they struggle with?I just want my thoughts to fucking slow down. I want to stop worrying about every tiny little thing. I want this since of fucking urgency to go away. I want to be able to breathe, I want my heart to stop pounding. I know everything im thinking is irrational but that doesnt change anything. My new meds arent working and I have until wednesday until I can see a therapist and its another month until I can see my psychiatrist... i dont know what the fuck to doI've been having an anxiety attack for 2 days straight. Someone please help meI was in the throws of yet another panic attack.  That's right,  *another* the same thing I've had at least a hundred times over the last 10 years.  Once again it was different though.  So all the panic attacks I've had and this one was different.  Except,  it's not.  It just feels that way. Symptoms are the same as always.  Same ones you go through.  Same scared but convinced it's different.  Trying various distraction techniques because they aren't working.  The panic still here except it's not different.  It just "feels" different or the classic "I've done this to myself so many times I've really done it to myself" nah,  and I know I'm full of shit for one simple reason.  I think about how the next time will really be it.  That's why my body even felt anxiety writing that.  It won't be.  It will be the same as this one.  Extremely scary during but not "that one". 



I think that's why people cycle.  We don't want to believe we are wrong.  Out of all the light headed, fear of death cycles we've been wrong.  The evidence doesn't match what's happening.  We want to get better but we don't want to look foolish for being so wrong about your own body.  



It's not your fault though.  You unfortunately experience something that most people don't.  Pure and total vulnerability.  That's not really a bad thing.  Neither is you being wrong. So what you're wrong and that one won't come even if you over think it.  You can not think your way in to going crazy or dying. It's not an actual option. 



Tldr: If you compare the evidence the conclusion you're jumping to is not only an outlier,  it's not possible. Jumping to conclusions.Yesterday I was planning to drive 2 hours to see my boyfriend, but as I was getting gas and food before leaving my heart was beating out of my chest and I didn't know why. I didn't think anything of it. Once I got on the freeway it started raining and getting darker since I left in the evening. I have driven in the dark and in the rain before no problem.

I started feeling fuzzy and like I was losing control. I realized I was having a panic attack and pulled over to the side of the freeway. I immediately dialed 911 into my phone, but stopped myself and called my dad instead. He didn't answer so I called my boyfriend. I just didn't know what to do. My dad called me back and he didn't seem to understand the panic attack and how those work, but he at least stayed on the phone with me for a while.

I gathered the courage to get back on the road and take the first exit I saw. I pulled into a random parking lot and punched in my address in google maps, and used the voice thing to guide me. The windshield wipers were warping a little bit in my vision and I felt a total loss of control. My turns were all weird and I had trouble seeing in the dark. I was driving very slow and there was a line of cars behind me, but I didn't care. I just didn't want to die in a car crash. I eventually recognized where I was and felt more calm as I got closer to home. I've been feeling very alone in my feelings of anxiety about this. I haven't gotten in my car at all since yesterday.

TL;DR had a panic attack while driving, felt a loss of control, thought I was going to die, slowly returned homeHad one of the worst panic attacks yesterday and just need some understanding and supportI pretend to be happy. To be good.

I'm not.

But you know, I've done it for so long, especially years ago when I last felt this bad, that I've gotten good at it. Sometimes I don't even notice I'm doing it. I'll laugh. Smile. Look like I'm having a good time. Then I turn my back to that person and the smile is instantly gone. It's like flipping a switch.

Is this just me? Am I that fucked up? I sometimes genuinely feel that I might be completely bonkers.

Part of it, I know, is that I don't like to show that I'm feeling like this. Feeling like this, depressed and/or having anxiety, makes me feel like I'm not in control, or that I'm weak, or not strong enough to keep my own emotions in control. I want to be normal. I want to feel like i used to: in control, happy, free. Not having constant anxiety attacks. Not feeling like I don't know what to do with myself.Fake it till you make itDoes anybody else constantly have anxiety/depression from the moment they wake up to the second they fall asleep (if possible)? I've been like this my whole life and now that I'm 22 I'm getting sick of it. Every single little thought I have somehow turns into a negative outlook on that certain subject. For example: a few minutes ago I was thinking about if the girl I'm talking to even likes me. I ended up having a mini panic attack and just kept feeding on that subject. Came to conclusion that if she doesn't what does it even matter? Not like it would work out anyways? 

It's just the small things like that that can trigger my brain into negative/nervous thinking. I'm becoming fed up with it. I wanna concur it but it's just a struggle everyday. My medicine doesn't seem to be working well lately :( damn Effexor! Does anybody else...So, I have nasty anxiety and depression, I was put on Zoloft, and it gives me terrible issues, as my Dr has tried 3 MAOI'S (I THINK that's what they're called?) and anti tremor meds, but none worked. If I'm off my meds, holy shit, it's terrible. I want to manage it, but the meds the Dr keeps wanting to try, will work for a day, then I'm a stuttering mess, where I can't form sentences or sit still because I'm trembling so badly.DAE have major issues with meds like Sertraline?Hey r/Anxiety!

I went on a day trip to Salem, MA with a girl and didn't even have a panic attack! 

I picked her up this morning and drove out there (was over an hour and a half away) and was anxious almost the entire trip there. Managed finding some parking, the place was a zoo.. And we walked around together for a few hours all the while being surrounded by people (which I usually hate). We even shared a plate of food together and was all and all a really pleasant day.

I couldn't be any higher than I am right now, I just had to share it with you folks. Hang in there r/Anxiety there is hope for all of us!Minor Victory today!!!Hi everyone,

I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety a few years ago when it first manifested in my late 20s with a series of really nasty panic attacks. Since then I've gotten a pretty good hold of it, and these days control it mostly through mental tricks/breathing and use-as-needed Lorazepam.

But here's the thing: for the past week or so I've had this persistent, odd breathing issue. It's not quite shortness of breath, but more like the air I'm breathing is a touch too thin. Or like I'm not taking deep enough breaths and have to every so often focus on doing it properly.

It comes and goes but is persistent. There's no coughing/wheezing/pain/etc, and I'm otherwise fine. I had asthma as a kid but it hasn't surfaced in decades, and I did (stupidly) smoke socially for maybe 5~ years - about a pack a month, tops. 

The breathing issues have my anxiety going nuts, as I've convinced myself this is emphysema or COPD or something even worse - but I also know logically that it could just be something minor, or even my anxiety playing tricks on me entirely.

So here's my main question: does anyone have experience with something like this? Can anxiety-related breathing problems sort of appear independently of any of the other usual symptoms of anxiety, then linger for a week? 

I've wrapped myself up in a terrified little knot over this, and am hoping to see a doctor soon - but until then I'm trying to maybe get some peace of mind.Persistent Breathing Trouble - Anxiety?So i finally decided to ask since we live in a fairly small dorm. Is it bad that i feel guilty about it? I always try to stay pretty quiet when he is in the room.Just asked roommate if he could wear headphones while watching videos/listening to music.I see those hs homecoming pictures and I always wonder how do these top 10% students manage to cram 3+ AP classes, varsity sports and some even have part time jobs, all while being able to socialize and have fun. How on earth are they able to pull this off?How do people achieve school life balance?What needs have you the most success on?Best meds you've tried?I have been busting my ass to order PC parts for the better part of a month now. It's been one huge pain in the ass. The final two pieces are coming in on Tuesday and I am so fucking anxious that it is not going to work. That one of the parts is faulty, that when I try to play something my CPU is gonna heat up extremely because I only have a stock cooler. I cannot get it off my mind. I am fucking eagerly awaiting Tuesday. This PC is for gaming but also for online school so if it doesn't work, I will freak out.

Really had to get this off my chest.Awful anxiety about PC BuildI'm a guy. My father always taught me to be "tough." Anxiety is the opposite of tough. 

Anyone fit into this self hatred category of anxiety?Anyone else extremely hard on themselves for having anxiety? I feel like whenever I go somewhere I have to make sure I look good enough if I want a potential girl to like me. I know it sounds dumb but I really want a girlfriend. Most of my best friends have girlfriends so I don't get why I can't. I feel like I only want one so I won't feel lonely at night and get validation for my self esteem. I'm only 17 so I have a long way to go but still.. does anyone with anxiety know what it's like to be in a relationship or attempt to be in one? Sorry if the title doesn't match with my rant..Constant anxiety about being attractiveI spend every Sunday night in tears at some point. Going to work tomorrow and starting a new week feels too scary and too overwhelming. I wish I knew how to cope with this better. 

Anyone have some good news to share or happy thoughts to help me calm down?Sunday night tearsI have had this phenomenon or something a couple times where my anxiety is just gone I don't care anymore, I feel like I can do anything and everything. And I feel like I can talk to anyone. This has only happen a couple times like I said it almost feels like I'm on a benzo but I'm completely sober. Has anyone ever felt like thisAnxiety goneJust a bit of a rant. It takes all my effort to not just sit there in silence and not participate.  A question gets asked, I get anxious and freeze up. Even if it's a subject I know, I just can't get myself to start thinking.  And sometimes I know the answer but am too anxious to speak.  
I think maybe it reminds me too much of a classroom setting where you get asked a question and you're put on the spot in front of the everyone, so of cause you can't answer and get called an idiot.I hate trivia nightsIt's a never ending cycle and I can't bring myself to try and make new friends because I'm so scared of rejection. I also get really nauseous whenever I'm anxious :/ Why is this so hard?I have crippling anxiety because I don't have any friends but I don't have any friends because I have crippling anxietyWhen I get overly stressed or depressed I feel an extreme build of of tension that I cannot get rid of, usually resulting in me in a pathetic crying heap on the floor, tensing up every part of my body. In the end, this tension in my body cannot quell the tensing inside me. I want it out, and this causes me to punch. Anything. Usually until my knuckles are bloody and skinned. I cant help it. It releases the tension inside and provides temporary relief from the shit inside me. I want it gone. 

I'm constantly reminded of these fits though when I have to answer the inevitable question, "What happened to your hand?" I'm running out of excuses. I can't stop though. Running out of excusesAlso, can propranolol make you get rid of that unpleasant feeling before speech or it works only for physical symptoms?What is better for public speech anxiety, Propranolol or Xanax?Has anyone experienced a loss of libido on mirtazapine? Just libido, not the ability to finish. Mirtazapine and libidoI know this won't be the case for everyone and certainly has not been a cure all but exercise is the only thing that has given me any relief whatsoever. Basically if I don't exercise I feel like I'm going to explode. Now, it's a real pain in the ass to work out every morning and I'm still trying to figure out what the fuck is wrong with me but so far it has given me some serious relief when I felt immense suffering. I can't tell if it's a sign that it is so effective but I'll make sure to talk to my psychiatrist / general practitioner. If you haven't given it a shot, please do. Even a light jog or 30 minute walk can completely change my day. Without it, I suffer from severe pain and anxiety. It's absolutely bizzare and a nightmare but whatever. Exercise is like a magic pillFor the past month, I've been mentally drained. I've been worrying about planning about my birthday, witch is next week, and I've been having anxiety over planning, who will be able to come, as well as wondering if my grandpa, who has had his health and mental state drain before my eyes, will be at another birthday after this year.. Most of my friends except my girlfriend are busy and have their own lives to worry about. And knowing that this is a normal problem among everyone makes me feel selfish for worrying about it too much.

Also I'm afraid of asking for too much. I feel like if I do expect a lot, I would look selfish and spoiled and just plain rotten. I have no idea what to do for my birthday and I usually get depressed around my birthday. My twin brother is inviting his friends over and I feel like a loser that most of my friends can't  make it. Idk what to do right now and would appreciate any advice I can get..Ive been stressing alot about my birthday for the past month.I recently read an article speaking of a "triangle" on your face that relates to pimples. In theory, if you were to pop a pimple in that area (it's a triangle made by the two corners of your mouth and the top of your nose) it's possible to contract an infection that would go straight to your brain based on how the vasculature on your face is designed. I didn't have a pimple but I woke up maybe a week ago with a scratch on my nose, I have since accidentally scratched off the scab that was forming which caused it to bleed a bit and now I'm super paranoid of contracting such a disease. 

Idk if anyone can say anything to calm my nerves, but I'm worried about it. And to top it off I'm having a bit of a headache now which makes me automatically think it's because I have an infection, even though it's more likely that it's caused by my stress or because I haven't drank much water today. 

Thanks in advanceA stupid thing to be anxious/panicky about, but I can't stop thinking about it *health related*I'm fixing to go on a cruise for my honeymoon through Carnival. I am extremely anxious and fearful for my and my wife's life due to the amount of crazy people there are in the world. I don't like crowds and I don't feel safe around people I don't know. I'm not even sure how secure the cruise ship is I am extremely nervous. My anxiety is out of control and I'm still a few months away. Has anyone been on a cruise? How was it? Is it secure?Cruise anxietyHave anyone experienced this? I've been suspecting me to have some sort of anxiety and a few months back, a few times, while chilling in front of my computer, I suddenly get the feeling of a needle going through my calf. Literally. Yes, it's THAT painful. For about 10-15 seconds the pain is like the needle is still penetrating it's way through the back of my calf. After those 10-15 seconds, the sharp pain goes away, and I'm "sore" for 30 seconds and then it's totally gone.


Anyone? Is there any coherence between anxiety and this phenomenon? 


It's some months ago, and my anxiety is way better now and haven't experienced it ever since. That's why I suspect there is a coherence with anxiety. 

I just discovered this sub, so wanted to ask because of my curiosity.Sudden feel of a needle through my calf - Anxiety?Does anyone find that they are more conscientious of their heart and think that they're getting palpitations? It's so hard to discern palpitations from anxiety and I want to know how you guys deal with this. I've noticed that I get really anxious about specific things for awhile (shakiness and thinking I have Parkinson's for about 2/3 weeks, for example) and I don't know if I'm just currently worried about my heart due to hypervigilance or if I'm actually having palpitations due to my anxiety. Any thoughts?Can we talk about palpitations?I feel so helpless. I've written it out on scrap paper - all I need to do is copy what I've done onto the assignment worksheet. 8 questions, so far taken me 3 hours to write down four. I keep going into the panic spiral, what if it's wrong (it's not), catastrophising the whole thing.  I've been kind to myself, taken breaks, had good food, and a nice relaxing bath.  It's just really, REALLY hard.Tough time completing my AssignmentI just wanted to see if anyone else does this. I've found that it really helps take my mind off of my anxiety. I used to try to do this with music but it never really did the job like listening to someone else talk does. If you have another coping method you wanna share I'd love to hear it! Always looking for healthy ways to deal with anxiety :)DAE listen to podcasts or stand up comedy as a way to cope with anxiety?Okay, I have been miserable pretty much all my life. I won't spare you the details, but I'll just say it's left me really bitter. I especially get upset when I see celebrities or people with better lives than me knowing a lot of them have always had it easy.

I know a lot of you guys have had it really bad as well, but most of you don't go around hating everyone and everything for it. How do you get by?? I can't. These negative thoughts are consuming me.How to cope with jealousy and bitternessI'm almost sure it's because of anxiety, but I don't know.Does anyone else has stomach ache almost daily?I think this belongs to this sub too...

Long story short, ive been working 6-7 days a week for the past year and i havent really felt stressed out or physically tired. I just love what i do for work and feel energetic and almost manic..

Although my brain is a bit sensitive (i have OCD and a bit anxiety in my daily life) i concider myself strong and healthy. I do mindfulness many times a week with ok results.

I dont drink or smoke, however in some rare instances i smoke weed. A week ago i smoked a few hits of weed before work and i started getting really anxious and my heart was racing. It slowly got better but after i "sobered up", the next day i starting getting panicy, felt derealization and anxiety out of nowhere.. i didn't stress about something in particular but i have this gut feeling and overall anxiety like a "fight or flee" response.. it felt like i was going crazy and i was a bit scared...  i have managed to calm myself down, i thought of other stuff to think about and things got significantly better in a couple of days.. 

However ever since i have had random feelings of anxiety and derealization from time to time but the anxiety has decreased in amount / intensity..

The issue i have is that whenever i try to be mindful or think about the present moment i feel anxious but when i keep myself busy i almost feel better even though i think i should do less work and change my lifestyle to be less hectic..

My gut feeling is that weed might have brought up the stress or anxiety which has been there this whole time but i dont know really.. like i said, my OCD and anxiety always fears the worst and makes my brain run like 110%..

What is your suggestion? Is my psyche to blame, weed, my lifestyle / stress? Anyone with similar experiences?Anyone know what's going on? (Stress, Weed, other?)So I personally believe that I have anxiety due to my recent drug use as well as seclusion from other people besides my close friends. I've recently stopped all drug use for about 2 weeks now except for a bowl the other night when I was drunk (I'm thinking about stopping drinking but I'm not sure). Anyways I've been taking citalopram for about 2 months. I haven't noticed any changes in mood other than that I've become more tired and I'm wondering--now that I quit weed and all other drugs--if I should take a break from the citalopram as well...?Question about whether or not I should be taking my meds for anxietyI feel like my anxiety holds me back from doing things I really want to do. I'm always so scared to break out of the comfort zone and do something totally different. But I feel like doing so would create an insane amount of anxiety. I would love to travel, but I feel like there's too much holding me back. Sometimes I have the urge to leave with my husband to another country and just live a new life with awesome adventures. Sometimes I think it would "cure" my anxiety to go out in the world and always expose myself to things that would normally scare me. Breaking out of my comfort zoneI just need to vent to people who will get it, so here goes.

I'm a graduate student and I'm trying to work on this midterm. I'm paralyzed by fear. It's a 10-page paper that's due in 8 hours and I haven't started. I just stare at my blank screen. I just started a new job so I've been skimming the readings for class and I have no idea what to write about. I'm afraid of failing but also just so exhausted and burned out on school that I don't care what happens. I don't think I'm going to turn it in on time but I'd at least like to make SOME progress today. 

My boyfriend is generally really supportive and understanding (he doesn't have anxiety or depression) but right now he's being really needy and wants all this attention. I told him last week that I was gonna be busy working on this this weekend and he knows that this stuff takes time and that I have a hard time focusing anyway, so it just feels like he's one more thing pulling me in one more direction that I don't need.

I called my therapist and she didn't answer. I know she'll call back, I'm just not sure if I should email my professor and let her know that I'm going to be turning the assignment in late or what. I don't have good rapport with her and don't think she likes me anyway which doesn't help. I've asked for extensions from other professors before and they were always willing to accommodate me but I'm mad at myself for needing one and the syllabus says she will only give them for family and medical emergencies. I had time to work on it this weekend but I was so tired from work and school that I did fun things instead. I only sort of regret it as it was really refreshing but I wish it hadn't taken all my time.

Anyone have any advice? I'm just fed up with myself and exhausted, I just want to sleep but I'm too stressed out to sleep restfully. I want to be alone but I don't. I feel stuck. I'm feeling too many things that contradict each other.Advice? Anxiety and depression are taking over my life.Last July I found a lump and instantly felt the stress Assuming it was cancer, I started feeling pain in the lump and was on edge all day. I visited the doctor soon afterwards, went for an ultra-sound, and found out it was a varicose vein. The pain and discomfort in the lump was suddenly gone, but my fear of cancer stayed. 

Not long afterwards I started finding all different types of symptoms of cancer. I went back to the doctor twice for different freckles and lumps that turned out to be nothing. After the doctor convincing me I'm healthy and a councillor talking me through my fears, I starting getting over it.

I'd stopped avoiding "cancerous foods" (normal food I convinced myself would give me cancer out of paranoia) and  was weaning off covering myself in factor 50 each day when my favourite skateboarder and a big inspiration in my life, Dylan Rieder, passed away due to leukemia.

The stress and anxiety is back worse than ever. I've pains in my arms and keep finding red spots (petechia) on my arms and chest. I'm convinced I have leukemia. I missed my friend's gig tonight due to the stress. I can't take it and constantly assume I'm going to die a slow horrible death. Please help me, I don't know where to turn :(Constant fear of cancer has returnedEMETOPHOBIA CURE - MY STORY
I have suffered the loneliness of Emetophobia and can absolutely confirm I no longer hold the same fear and my life is great; this phobia can be overcome.

Since a young age I was terrified of being sick, and occasions when I was terribly sick held a strong vivid memory in my mind.

Always fussing with my food, never try anything new, not prepared to eat certain things and some food would have to be prepared in a certain way.

This started a downward spiral which made eating out, with friends, and even some family members a difficulty and caused stress,  anxiety and panic attacks.

Bad eating habits deteriorated in my teens, I recall becoming obsessed with germs and cooking times but the real escalation point was when I moved out at 16.

Some emetophobia symptoms and habits I remember:

- Obsession with sell and use by date and not trusting them so always taking precaution to throw food out days before they expired
- Cooking chicken breast/other meat for double the amount of time required and still only eating around the outside
- Terrified of drinking alcohol, even only one or two drinks would lead to a sleepless night of worry
- No takeaways
- Rarely commit to eating out in a restaurant
- Avoid dinner invites from friends
- When having dinner with mum or sister I would stand over and watch it being booked, keeping tabs on method , and ask 10 million questions about the food - when was it bought, did she freeze it, sell by date
- Eat less if in contact with someone who had a sickness bug, when I say less I mean dry crackers , my logic was if I caught the bug I would not have much to vomit
- If someone else had been sick I would listen to the cause and avoid that circumstance/scenario. For example there was a time when my mum was didn't have any dinner, drank too much red wine and only snacked on peanuts  she was sick so from this I would never eat peanuts while drinking alcohol especially red wine
- If I knew someone had been sick, I would question to understand every single bit of detail, what caused it, how long did it last, what was the first sign you noticed, how many times did you vomit
- Travel, theme parks, anything that could cause causing motion sickness was just a no
The mention of any words relating to sick would cause a panic attack, I even believed if I said these words enough they would make me sick
- I would not take medication unless absolutely necessary due to side effects
So what would happen if I was faced with a situation relating vomit...

I would experience symptoms of nausea and sickness, as unfortunately symptoms for anxiety and panic can be similar i.e. headaches, increased temperature, bowel movement, nausea, dizziness
Hyper-sensitive to my body feelings, continuously analysing and trying to pre-empt what might happen, or what might I feel next
Take action in preparation of vomiting, remove self from situation or location, tie hair back, remove warm or change to light fitting clothing, stop eating, if it occurs during the night/before bed I would keep myself awake
Cool my temperature by wetting my hair / skin with cold water
Feel afraid and very unhappy
Put self through an agonising countdown of hours after eating meat or having been exposed to a bug ; until it was reasonably safe to say I was not likely to get sick from these instances; this could be anywhere between 12 - 72 hours
I would stay away from friends/family if they had a sickness bug - probably for a week
 

Absolutely exhausting behaviour and thought process, and not to mention missing out on so many events, activities or in summary I would miss out on life.

For a long time I was not aware that Emetohpboia was a condition, I thought it was just me and didn't know others suffered in the same way.

Ultimately the depression and severe anxiety as a result of this forced me to talk to my doctor. The discussions were focus mainly around depression, self-esteem and panic attacks and I was prescribed anti-depressants.

Luckily my doctor referred me for counselling to try and help establish the cause.

Although the counselling was useful I didn't get a huge amount of change from it; it was nice to have someone truly listen to you chat for an hour and appear interested.

From discussions with a councillor and my doctor we established the underlying phobia of sickness and my doctor suggested next steps should take more of a therapy focus and referred me for hypnosis.

I complete several sessions of hypnosis, I paid  50 per session and I loved it, mostly for the relaxation element.

Hypnosis for me was the start of addressing my confidence and self-esteem rather than the phobia; I continued with self-hypnosis on a daily basis following the sessions and could not live without it.

My doctor then referred me for Cognitive Behavioural Therapy this is what did the trick for me and truly changed my life...

 

The key things from therapy that helped me:

I loved my therapist, he was incredible - I think rapport and relationship is really important
Tracking my thoughts, analysing and challenging them
 Understanding impact cycle that thoughts can have to behaviour and feeling
Identifying and stopping my safety behaviours
Recognising avoidance behaviour, challenging myself to do it anyway and see what happens
Exposure therapy, reading and saying related words, looking at cartoons, photos and eventually videos - one week my therapist gave me a tub of what looked like vomit to take home and keep on my bedside table!
Identifying and breaking down the route cause
 

The Route Cause, warning this is a sick story...

This is one of two very vivid memories I have of projectile vomiting...

My sister and I were staying at my dad's house for the weekend, we shared a double at night.

I woke in the night feeling sick, I knew if I sat up I was going to be sick so I stayed lying down as long as I could... eventually I couldn't stop it I launched up and leaned over the end of the bed and was severely sick.

My sister woke immediately, and was disgusted naturally but started to try and clean it up. She was retching and was almost sick herself. I just cried on the bed with the window open.

My dad came in shortly after, he took one look in through the door, turned away without saying a word and went downstairs to get cleaning stuff.

My dad's girlfriend poked her head round the door and said 'urgh god, I can't deal with that' and went back to bed.

After my dad cleaned it up, I heard him being sick himself downstairs in the kitchen.

That night I slept on the bathroom floor, hot but shivering and covered with only a towel. I continued to be sick throughout the night on my own.

I don't remember the next day or the moment I began to feel better.

When exploring this with my therapist we establish within that memory I recalled no support, sympathy, care, kind words, no cuddles and each reaction from my family I took as a rejection.

As an 8 year old I couldn't rationalise this situation, it was the middle of the night, people don't like sick, my sister and dad just went into cleaning mode, and it's ok for his girlfriend or anyone to be repulsed.

I actually believed for many years that my dad loved me less due to this incident.

My therapist made me talk to my family about it as I could have distorted this memory and their thoughts could be very different.

My sisters memory focused on the fact she was sick all the following day - it was a bug and she had it too, I don't remember any of this.

My dad couldn't even remember it as first, I had to remind him of a few things. He remembers trying to get me back into bed, he brought in a pillow for the bathroom and covered me with a blanket. He checked on me every hour throughout the night as he couldn't sleep. He doesn't recall even being sick. Again I don't remember any of this.

My perception of event create a belief of: If you were sick you would be rejected.

By exploring this memory and with my family I was able to let go of this belief. Being sick is not nice, I don't know anyone who likes it or enjoys it, but it's ok, it natural.

I still don't like being sick, but my feeling about it is in line with other people. It is no longer irrational and it is no longer controlling and restricting my life.

 

Some key milestones of evidence that I have overcome this:

As I'm writing this and I am 7 months pregnant; previously I even considered never having children because I was terrified of morning sickness, labour and birth.

I have had a wonderful pregnancy, felt nauseous in the first 12 weeks but managed and coped without any anxiety. In fact, when the morning sickness stopped I actually missed it because it was nice to feel pregnant.

I also travelled to South East Asia for 3 months; many flights, buses, taxis, boat trips, dodgy food, lots of alcohol, heat, questionable living conditions.

There are still traces of my fear, which are probably more prominent when I'm stressed however I am happy to live with and accept them.

 

I still:

won't drink to excess
am cautious with cooking
eat well and keep hydrated
exercise to keep healthy
don't over eat and there are still some takeaways I wouldn't touch with a bargepole (KFC)
certainly wouldn't kiss someone with a bug or go into a Noro-virus ward at the hospital (but who would)
 

These rules to live by are reasonable, and make me feel great; who wouldn't want to take care of their self and body in this way.

You can overcome Emetophbia, and enjoy life again.

 

[Emetophobia ](http:/emetophobia-fearofvomit.com)Fear of Vomit - Emetophobia - how I overcame it - apply the same strategy for your phobia....Someone please help me with this. I hate going out in public because I feel that people are watching how I walk and I feel like I'm not normal. That and I don't like breathing too fast or too slow either, I feel people watch me for that too. I have major anxiety attacks revolving around people seeing me as 'normal'...Not walking or breathing 'normally'I'm finding it pretty tough to find some sort of job/career.. does any one have any advice or suggestion to what job atmosphere would be perfect for someone with social anxiety? I'm 21 years old with little job experience :(
suffering from social anxiety/panic disorderI don't know what to do. I'm 23 years old guy, and feeling the most miserable being on existence.

I have always been quiet type of person, but at least I used to have social life, good time with people. I had passion to do things i liked, to try new things. I just went to hang out with friends, because it felt normal thing to do, and I enjoyed it.

But over few years something inside me changed gradually. I begin to feel tense with people for some reason, had mood problems, low confidence and felt little uneasy, when my friends got new friends and girlfriends, and I had to hang with them as well. I also felt envy. I didn't get on the same "level" with them, where as my quiet friends became popular. I was unable to expand my social network as my friends did. I became boring. Still I forced myself to go out, but I didn't enjoy it as much as I used to, and even felt anxious sometimes. I felt I couldn't be my genuine self for some reason, and felt outsider all the time.

At those times, I used to drink too much at parties and more often than not started crying to my friends while wasted, how I'm not happy with my life. How I feel there's something wrong with me. I wasn't seeking compassion, I just couldn't hold it because I felt shit, even I tried to conceal it even from myself. Eventually the only thing I was good for was spoiling the mood sooner or later. Still I had my moments, but those crying episodes begin to happen at regular basis. It felt unjustified, that me and my friends, we both started from same line and have been friends for all our childhood. They grew adult and popular, I started to losing myself. Only place where I felt I belong was with my family.

I started to feel really uneasy seeing my old good friends, because I was shamed of revealing my mood problems to them, time after time. It was awkward to meet them next day with poker face. They still stayed with me, because we have been friends for all our childhood. But I just had nothing to give anymore, I was only pain in their asses. Time with them was either awkward, forced conversation or genuine crying. Either or. I didn't went to psychiatrist, because I was shamed. I had to move to new town to study anyway, and I decided to pull myself together, start from clean plate, and this time play my cards to win. Wishful thinking...

First couple years in new town, I really tried to get with people without prejudice. And I did get new friends. I still felt unbalanced and volatile, but I managed to hide it pretty well from others and believed it will pass as my life starts going on right tracks. I faked other personality than I really am, forced myself to laugh even if I didn't feel like it and so on. But I couldn't fake it forever, and eventually the darker side in me got dominance. I realized i have gone full circle, and same thing repeats once again.

This is the point I started to give up. I felt the same shame as before, even stronger, as I really believed in change. Now it feels like fate. I began to believe I'm meant to be alone, and it's better for me and others that way. I started to spend my weekends home alone, playing video games and studying. At first it felt good. No more pressure or disappointments. I told some excuse if I was asked out.

But after months of being alone, I started to feel really bored, anxious and tired. Video games started to feel like work to kill time, and I wanted to live normal social life. I realized how sad and  hopeless my situation is, Few years ago, I couldn't have believe finding myself in this pit. After couple of months of absolutely no contacting my new friends, I decided to gather my confidence and agree a meeting. I felt guilty, but I did it and we met later that night.

And that night I happened to embarrassing myself worse than ever. I won't tell the details, but again it felt like miserable fate. It was something, that for me was final proof to give up. At least those friends realized which miserable being I am, and it wiser to avoid my company. And I haven't been in any contact with them since then.

Also, I haven't talked with my old friends for months. Or with family. I care, but I'm shamed and scared to contact them. I'm also scared that same spiral keeps repeating again and again. I feel the most guilty person on planet for abandoning people who cared. Maybe I have sinned and I deserve this. Am I guilty or a victim? I'm only talking about myself, because over the months of loneliness you forgot how to care about others. But I don't want it to be like this. Not anymore.

I have become sad and selfish loser. Lost all social skills wandering alone without target to kill time. I don't know how to start building basis on my life again. What should I do? I'm working, but that is the only content in my life, and everything else is pure nothingness. Weekends and holidays are worstloneliness and feel of losing sanityI don't know what I did wrong. I feel like life is just overwhelming and I can't get a simple break. I work for a fast food restaurant that treats me like shit and recently cut my hours completely in half. Went from 32 to 16. I feel like I'm not going to be able to make ends meet and I'm going to be a disappointment to my parents and a burden. I'm trying to look for a new full time job in Orange County but nothing is coming up, and I feel hopeless. I feel like I'm never going to get a break from life. It's always constantly one thing after another. Before, I've managed to somehow find a way around it, but now I feel like it's finally caught up to me and beating the shit out of me. I don't know what to do. And there's no one I can turn to for help. I really need help! Life is drowning me alive.Hi, if it helps for anything I'm 19 male. 
Uhm, ok so this used to happen to me a lot when I was younger but now I'm super self conscious of it (I used to try and ignore it but now I just can't). Sometimes when I'm studying for Uni, I get a little bit anxious about how it's going to go and it's fine but there are some times (like right now) when I get super nervous and irritated. I start to have horrible thoughts about what I'm studying and worry if I'm wrong in life or anything like that. I also start getting super impatient and feeling the need to knock and knock my fingers on my desk (i don't really know why).
I also have extremely bad thoughts at night when I go to bed (the possibility of a house fire, somebody breaking into my apartment, etc) and that keeps me from sleeping for a while.
I don't take any medication (haven't gone to a psychiatrist or even a psychologist and funny thing is that I'm studying psychology).
helpVery anxious when studying and more :(I just had an anxiety attack and my stress level just shot up drastically. I'm applying for grad school scholarships, ans it's been quite intense. That's my no.1 source of pressure right now. On top of that, I had a pretty shitty week at work, having to deal with unpleasant people. so, when I was frantically searching for. my misplaced passport and driving license (which i still havent found), my anxiety and stress just took over. 

I can't think clearly. To top it all off, I have relatives over and my parents (I still live with them) have been urging me to join the crowd downstairs. But, I just can't right now. I can't deal with having to fake a smile and pretend things are okay, when I'm just so stressed out with every thing. I'm not in the state to make small talk, and I'm afraid I'd be unpleasant to people (already snapped at my mum earlier :( 

I'm nor locking myself in my room blasting music like an angsty kid. But, I really just can't. And I know they probs think I'm selfish for not coming down to join their chit chat. But I can't. I just can't. I don't know if they'd understand. I hope this doesnt make me a bad person. 

PS: I'm also now scared about going to work tomorrow. What if I still don't want to normally interact with people?Anxiety and stress level shot through the roof. Can't handle social interactions :(I take 50 mg of sertraline and 1 mg of clonazepam by mouth daily, and it seems like they are causing my body to overreact to multiple different drugs and psychoactive substances such as caffeine. Caffeine has been the most significant: while caffeine has always put me a bit on edge, it used to take two servings of coffee to really do much of anything significant. Now even one cup of tea nearly sends me over the edge. Pain killers have also been affected. When I take the recommended dosage, I feel like I'm in a cloud. It feels like I imagine being high would feel like. The painkillers not only make it so the pain is reduced, but make it so my sense of touch is extremely reduced. Does this make any sort of sense? Would these two medications together have such an effect?Medication Interaction Causing drug Over-sensitivityAfter starting Lexapro two months ago it stopped working so my doctor increased my dose. A few days later I was severely depressed and was having suicidal thoughts and he gave me Zoloft to start taking instead. 

This was 5 days ago and it's be hell since. I've still been very depressed, I assume it will take some time for the Lexapro to work its way out, and have just felt like crap. I've had no interest in anything and even going to work was a struggle. However the suicidal thoughts did mostly stop so that's good. 

Today I woke up and actually felt a little better. Mornings are always the hardest, even more so lately, but I didn't lay in my bed for too long and overall I don't feel as depressed. Also the headaches and nausea are better. I still feel very tired, apathetic, and don't have much motivation but I hope this is a start to the new medication working and me coming out of the rut Lexapro put me in. 

Just wanted to share, also if anyone has made a switch like this and suffered similar events I would love to hear your story. Day 5 of SSRI transition, I think things are getting betterIm one hour into my 10 hour shift  i only got 7ish hours of sleep dur to so wanting to talk sbout vacation plans. Started nee med a week ago, took 3 ativan over the course of the evening yesterday duebtobring on verge of panic attacks. Somewhre between all this im and tired and can barely stay awake. Already had some caffeine. And at this point i cant even imagine getting anxioud and needing an ativan ad ineoulf just pass out. 

So tell me something entertaining or something youre strguggling with or anything. Need tk keep myself semi alert.Talk to meCould this be caused by anxiety? I generally can sleep for a good two hours, then after that I wake up at least once an hour for ~10 mins or so then fall asleep again until the next hour... Now some of the times when I wake up in the middle of the night I'm absolutely covered in sweat. No nightmares, but I'm soaked. My room is a pretty cool temperature already so I don't think I'm overheating. I also don't feel it as a hot flash coming on, which is what I've read is associated with anxiety. 

Does anyone else experience it like this? It's recently begun happening every night. I see my doctor in a week. Night sweats And trouble sleepingI have 2 exams coming up, knowing the date I can't help feeling all anxious and worrying all the time. This happened when everytime I have to do something important-ish. I'm afraid to disappoint people, I'm even more afraid to disappoint myself. It's a very uncomfortable feeling, this anxiety, I become a person that is in constant worry. 

Any tips containing it? Good ways to contain anxiety?I am currently waiting for a psychiatrist office to return my call to make an appointment. I am 28 and still do not have my driver's license because of how afraid of driving i am. It has never really come naturally to me and the fear was pretty much drilled into me when I was young. even at 18 and older my mother would immediately say "you'll get in a wreck and die" whenever I mentioned driving. I cannot seem to get over her discouraging words no matter how wrong and irrational I know she is/was. She is the worst, most unstable and reckless driver I know but here I am stuck hitching rides with her to get my kid to school because of this shitty fucking anxiety. Thank you for letting me vent but I would really, really appreciate some advice!overcoming driving anxietyHi,
I've been having the worst day. Woke up early to go to the gym but instead I ended up crying all day because I'm missing my ex so much.
I feel terrible, my chest hurts since the breakup (2 weeks ago) and I've never had pain like this before. I can't stop thinking about him and I'm so scared of being without him. I don't have any friends. He was everything to me for the past 2 years, he was like the world to me. I love him so much and I miss him. I'm very lonely and hurt and I don't know what to do about this pain. My doctor said it's stress and not some physical problem but it doesn't matter, it still hurts and I barely sleep. I barely eat. 
I feel like my life is pointless. I don't know how to get over this breakup, and I've had breakups before but nothing even remotely this painful.

I'm crying every day, almost all day. And because of that I also have thoughts about how I'm ruining my skin and health and then I go into thinking about what diseases I'll get from being so stressed out over this breakup. I don't know how to stop all of this.
Please, if anyone went through anything like this and can tell me what might help, please reply. I've tried everything I could think of and nothing makes it better.Please helpIve noticed that whenever someone asks about myself or my wants/needs I get extremely anxious. Typically i try to shut down the conversation and move it to something else, or make an excuse to leave the situation ASAP. 

For example, it's almost my birthday and people keep asking my what I want as a gift or how I want to celebrate it. For some reason I just can't bring myself to think of anything I'd want for myself,  and even if I did I'm pretty sure I could never bring myself to tell anyone about it. It's only a few weeks away and I'm terrified that Im going to start weeping if my girlfriend asks me again what I want to do. 

This is a problem in other aspects of my life including sex, food, dreams/ambitions, work life balance, mental health, hell it took me weeks before I could even bring myself to post something here about it... I end up feeling selfish and panic-y as soon as my needs are brought up. 

I was talking with a therapist at the beginning of the year,  but stopped because I felt stupid, selfish, and guilty talking about my problems. I am currently trying to bring myself to make the call to set up a new appointment,  but I don't know if i can handle that right now. 

For the most part I feel like I'm pretty decent at managing my anxiety,  but this is a roadblock I really struggle with. Does anyone else have freak outs the minute you start considering your own needs and wants? Any advice for overcoming this? I feel too much anxiety when forced to talk about myselfWould be interested to know what peoples thoughts are on this especially any psychologists out there. 

Arrogant people seem to be comfortable in their own skin and dont seem to care about what others say or think about them. The opposite is generally true for shy/anxious people. Is being in that arrogant but rude mindset healthier than being in a timid but caring mindset? is being rude and arrogant considered to be mentally healthier than being shy and timid?So does anyone know anything about a old Caloric stove , no oven beneath it . From the late 60s early 70s . Cuz that''s what I have. Just what are the do''s and do notsstove anxietyWhat do you do when you aren't anxious about anything in particular but are anxious about returning to your normal old self pre-anxiety/depression and particularly how long its going to take? 

Are there any cognitive distortions in these thoughts? I can't find any i particular and don't know what to replace the thought with. And its causing me anxiety lol. Just worrying about how long its going to take to be cured.Obsessed with old selfFirst of all, I have general anxiety disorder and social anxiety disorder. I'm a pretty anxious person and I don't handle stress well (not sure if that relates).

I'm currently in college and I have this horrible habit of procrastinating at the last minute. More accurately, I would do all of my course assignments hours before it is due. It's caused a lot of problems for me, of course, so you can imagine how bad it gets when I'm rushing to finish everything.

It's not that I don't want to do my work. It's just that when I do, I get very anxious. I get nervous. I'm not sure why? I don't like the mention of school to the point where all of the school related documents on my laptop are in a folder that I labeled "DEGREE" instead of "SCHOOL" since the word *school* itself makes me anxious.

I like to distract myself. I push all of my assignments because I would rather have the rest of my week stress and anxiety free and risk having one day when I have to deal with school and the consequences of my procrastination. I risk having one day where I am completely anxiety-ridden and stressed.

I'm getting to the point where I'm very stressed and I don't know how much I can take it. I've been down this road before and I've had mental breakdowns and suicidal thoughts, and now I just want some sort of escape.

I don't know if you guys know what I'm talking about. Do you experience something similar or understand me?

(As we speak, I have a few assignments to do.)Does anybody experience Anxiety-Caused procrastination?What's a good exposure plan for agoraphobia can't find any online. Like a day by day plan of leaving the house and doing something.AgoraphobiaI've been on 20mg of Lexapro for about four years and thought I could handle getting off this medication as it never felt like it did anything.

Doctor switched me to Fluoxetine without tapering, and after a few days it made me feel awfully sick. Brain was going a thousand miles an hour and I really thought I was going mad.

Had to rush back to the doctor who gave me Valium to calm me down.

The doctor also advised I stopped Fluoxetine and Lexapro (which I was already off for about 4-days) until I saw a psychiatrist in a few days time.

The psychiatrist told me to get back on Lexapro, and, that 40mg is better to treat anxiety and I should work towards that while continuing with CBT.

What does everything think of that advice?

Also, what will the process of getting back on Lexapro be? Is it likely to make me sick? As heading back to work next week and want to be able to handle it.
 Stopped Lexapro for 10-days, now back on it. What to expect?I hate being alone at night with my thoughtsHi everyone,
I've had a small amount of anxiety related to public speaking for the past 5-7 years. It slowly progressed into an intense form of health anxiety after my little sister moved in with us last summer. I've never been able to manage emotional stress too well and she caused all sorts of problems at home (bad decision making, doing dumb teenager stuff). I would get chest pains and panic attacks. It progressed into really bad health anxiety at the start of this year. I've been trying to deal with it since about February. 

&amp;nbsp;

Anyway, my anxiety flared up really badly in August due to a bad trip with an edible. I went to the ER a week later thinking I had DVT. I was suffering from panic attacks for the entire week before I decided to go. The doctor didn't find anything wrong and I was sent home. 

&amp;nbsp;

Fast forward a month later and I was working on a stressful project at work. I made the mistake of pulling an all nighter which led to really bad sleep deprivation for the next few days. I was unable to catch up on sleep--just 4 hours a day. I had a strange chest sensation where it felt like my heart was being squeezed several times. I had another panic attack immediately afterwards and tried to calm myself down. I had another one the next day when I was just standing around at Costco. I admitted myself to the ER again and they ran blood tests, a chest x ray, and an EKG. The ER doctor found nothing wrong with the tests but advised me to take a week off from work to recover. 

&amp;nbsp;

I rested up and things seemed to be fine until this month. I became fixated on my spider veins (I just noticed them this year) and got super depressed thinking I had a vein disease. This lasted maybe the whole weekend. The day afterwards, I received a really stressful phone call from my mom regarding my sister doing something dumb again. I got blamed for her actions and I got really upset, as it's something out of my control. I started hyperventilating and crying afterwards, which turned into another panic attack because my left hand went numb. I laid down for a few hours and recovered. 

&amp;nbsp;

I've had this issue where I fall asleep and wake up exactly an hour later with the pulse in my neck fluttering. My actual heart rate seems to be fine though.. I measured it one night and it was in the 70s. It started earlier this year when I was stressed out and afraid to fall asleep but soon went away. It came back in August after the whole ER thing. It still worries me because I keep getting woken up by it every night. 

&amp;nbsp;

I finally made an appointment to see a GP and got my blood pressure taken there. I tried to relax and take deep breaths when it was being taken. It was 136/92, which is really high for someone my age. I remember it was 128/84 when I was panicking at the ER last month. I'm 28, female, and have been taking daily brisk walks and eating healthily. I read that it can be "white coat syndrome" but it's been bothering me since the last visit. Apparently it can lead to actual hypertension if one keeps stressing out and raising their blood pressure? I'm worried that all of these panic attacks, health scares, and worrying is damaging my heart. 

&amp;nbsp;

I also read the anxiety can cause heart disease so that doesn't help either... I've been getting heartburn almost daily since Tuesday too. Today, I keep feeling adrenaline surges and feeling somewhat panicky about heart attacks. I've been stressed out thinking I have pre hypertension or actual hypertension. My heart rate keeps speeding up and slowing down. My appetite has been greatly diminished and I'm not eating too well. I've also been feeling really sleepy lately even though I've been getting a full 9 hours. I don't know what to do anymore... I feel like anxiety is ruining my life and my health. I have low income health insurance but it doesn't cover seeing a therapist. I feel hopeless and I'm obsessed with how I might have permanently damaged my health because of this. Terrified of anxiety causing long term damage to the heartIt's been a while since I mustered the willpower to post on a help subreddit. I'll try and keep it (relatively) shorter this time.

I'm a sophomore in college and suffer from depression and some anxiety (the worry/fear of tackling tough issues). I've been depressed for a few years, but for most of the time (until recent months) it was "dormant."

I still haven't decided a major/career and cannot choose one. I'm doubting everything, can't predict or control anything, and don't want to choose because choosing a major and career means doom and failure. Everyone says people will change, but that doesn't mean it's good to not know and flop.

Time is ticking out and I don't even have a few weeks before course registration starts for the spring. I would talk to counselors (again...), except it all boils down to me, and I am unreliable when it comes to research and decisions.

Even when I browse the Internet and reddit all day long, I am gnawed on by threads that talk about jobs or careers. I find them like grim reminders of what I'll face and regret.

I tried to test out CS courses this semester and I'm not confident it's for me. If not that, then what? I have no other options planned. Yet to stay and continue CS may be bad as it's a notoriously tough major, especially when my weakness is math.

Turned out longer than expected, my bad. In summary I'm anxious about having to choose courses again since I have no idea what to do now. I don't know if advice will be effective on me, but I needed to make some post as it's been gnawing me. Anyway, thank you for reading.Anxious about course registration and my futureI am a 20 year old guy who just had a child a few months ago. When I was younger I had some panic attacks and saw therapy for my anxiety. Anxiety also runs in my family. I was nearly anxiety free up until my girlfriend gave birth. I remember that first night with the baby I started having heart palpitations every time I laid down. The next day I was so nauseous I couldn't eat and thought I constantly had to poop. 

At the time my house was being renovated for mold so we stayed in an extended-stay hotel for the first month of the baby's life. Most days I had panic attacks while I stayed at this hotel, some so bad I ended up calling my insurance advice nurse, emergency rooms, and dental emergency hotlines. For a few days it got so bad I actually became phobic, thinking that I would develop anaphylactic shock to foods that I always have eaten. Through these incredibly difficult times I finally came into contact with my old psychiatrist and started seeing him again for weekly appointments. I started to develop health anxiety, obsessing over every little thing on my body. I couldn't count how many appointments to my primary care physician I made. Thankfully I have an amazing doctor. 

Now, a few months later, my anxiety is not to the near crippling state that it was in the beginning of this adventure into fatherhood but everyday I still struggle with the health obsessions and constant body scanning. Especially now I am struggling through it, I developed a cold/sore throat, got the clear from the Urgent Care, and I still can't help but look up every single symptom I am experiencing and imagine worst-case scenarios.

I just want to know if anyone else has had their anxiety triggered by a life-changing event? Like for me it was becoming a dad. DAE have there anxiety begin by large events in their life?I dont know if its my meds because its started recently and i've been on medication for 7 months now.

But lately, i've been having the wierdest dreams, and i actually remember them. i dream everytime i sleep when i never use too, my dreams are always stressful and i wake up feeling anxious. Just lastnight i dreamt i was drowning and i still feel panicky today. :/

Anyone else have wierd dreams from anxiety? Anxiety causeing wierd dreams?So at about 6-8 AM I took a Motrin and then at about 11:40-11:50 PM I took an Aleve. It's 12:40 AM right now. At first I was worried about the symptoms of the Aleve but then I also remembered taking the Motrin. Now I'm freaking out because I'm afraid that I shouldn't have done that and it will cause a bad reaction.  From what I can see it says you're not supposed to take the two in the same day. Also, a crazy coincidence just happened and it's adding to my panic. 

Would the bad side effects alright have manifested themselves? What would those even be? So far I don't have any stomach pain, my vision is fine, and I'm not slurring my words. I feel a bit nauseous but that could be from the panic and over analyzing.Took a Motrin this morning, took an Aleve this night, now I'm freaking out because you're not supposed to do that. Need some help calming down(and some medical information).I believe I have anxiety. I went through a ton of big changes in life including a giant move from one state to another, some of these changes were good and a lot were bad, and I don't know how to feel better. I don't mind that my social life isn't quite what it was back in high school when I was super social, but the health issues are driving me insane. I have been to the hospital twice and the doctors a few times and am probably going to get on some anxiety medicine. Basically what happens when I have an attack is that my body feels like it is shutting down and I feel right on the edge of passing out. The feeling doesn't pass for at least an hour. This is when it is at its worst, but 24/7 I feel completely crippled to do anything for fear of an attack, and the fact that all the time I am extremely dizzy and fatigued. All of these issues came into my life about 2 weeks before I moved, which is why I think it is anxiety. I'm back in school and working so I'm busy all the time and tired all the time. I eat healthy, but can no longer even attempt to workout because It is too much strain. Just 5 minutes leaves me panicky and exhausted and even more light headed. I have occasional good days but most are bad. My brain always thinks of negative thoughts and worries of my health. I also have extreme and unrational fears now. It is sucking the life out of me and I can't figure out how to make it better. I got a few heart tests that came back great and also some blood sugar tests that came back good as well. I do have hypoglycemia but it is controlled and not a huge factor, although it is what I worry about a lot of the times (that I will have a low blood sugar attack). The worst part is that it isn't triggered by any certain events in life, it just happens. Sometimes in public, sometimes when I am alone at home. I'm not sure if this sounds like anxiety or if I should have more tests run. The dizziness and fatigue are the biggest things that I want to try and get rid of. The ringing in the ears is close behind. Also to mention, when I think positively and have something good happen I feel all around better. I had an incredibly great experience in high school and am currently 20 years old.  I played a ton of sports and was a super active kid. I so badly miss going and playing catch or similar activities. The big change that came in life to move was almost devistating and left me very very sad. This is why I feel my symptoms are caused by anxiety. I have been feeling this way for about 4 months now. Please let me know what you think and what I can do to help myself.Anxiety is getting to meYou stay in bed for the day to get rid of the bug, but then you guilt yourself for sleeping too much and not doing anything fun in your room. Plus it leaves a lot of time for you to further beat yourself up with bad thoughts. Being sick and having anxiety is the worstSo title pretty much says it all. Im terrified of having a child with special needs. I have anxiety and a lot of student loans. My fiance and I are doing the best we can to manage both, but I just found out I am pregnant.


Its always been in the back of my mind that I could have a child with special needs. But I am fucking Terrified now. We don't have the money for a special needs child! I dont think I have the emotional energy for a special needs child!


It doesn't help that I have read some pretty dark threads on here from parents of these kids who say their life is ruined and they are barely making it by.


My question is, how do you handle it?? Especially when there is no hope for recovery forhte child? I could handle it if I had a kid that was mildly on the spectrum, or was deaf or had a defect that required surgery. Anything where there is hope for the future. But I just dont know how to handle it if there is no hope.


How good is prenatal screening at detecting birth defects? I am 32, and have no family history of anything really, expect anxiety and one grandmother was bipolar. My fiance has a mild arrythmia and so does his dad, and my fiance also has ADHD and MAY be slightly on the spectrum (didn't speak until he was 4, but definitely does now!).
Help.


(also, I really really do not mean to disresepect anyone out there who has a child with special needs. I think your probably stronger than me and a better person than me. I admire you GREATLY, I just don't think I could do it)Im terrified of having a child with special needs. please help!!I've been getting regular counselling sessions but I feel like I'm getting more anxious. I only go to a registered counsellor and not a therapist so it's on the more casual side of things. I have never been diagnosed with an actual disorder by a GP, so I tend to say "I am an anxious person" rather than "I have anxiety." But I've noticed I've been getting all the classic GAD symptoms including some very uncomfortable physical ones. I've been completely overwhelmed by my workload this semester and had a bit of a breakdown last week so I'm starting to consider doing something more drastic about my state of mind.

For example, I get very anxious at work. I've noticed that my fingers tend to tingle in a rather painful and distracting manner when I'm at work. This is starting to happen at home as well. For most of my life my mental health, no matter how bad, has not impeded on my work and academics, but now it is starting to.

I just don't know how to, like, "ask" for medication? Will I look like a drug-seeker if no one has offered ti to me before? Am I just overstating my problems? How does medication even work? Is there something I can take "as needed" instead of regularly and can medication be addicting?

I also have pretty bad fear of flying, so ideally could I get something for that too?how do you know if medication is right for you?My mother set the fridge dial to 2 which is close to the lowest temp on the fridge, It's normally at 5/6 but she said it was too high.  I left my breaded chicken strips from a restaurant in the fridge and I'm starting to get worried that it's not going to be safe or okay at the level she left the fridge on.

What temp do the numbers relate to? is the lowest on the fridge still enough to keep food cold/safe? 

If it helps, I microwaved the food.  Fridge settings + food safetyI would say that I'm generally pretty good with stress, but the past couple of weeks have definitely been stressful for me. Nothing major,  but I'm studying for a grad school entrance exam of sorts, cramming studying at all hours of the day, and also working nearly full-time. Lots of stuff about my future that is up in the air and I'm definitely anxious

This past week, about 3 days ago, I noticed that whenever I breath in, it feels like I'm not getting enough air. I'm not entirely sure it's physical, since I'm not wheezing or incapacitated in anyway, it just feels uncomfortable and alarming. I've noticed that sometimes, when I get really into a task, like reading or watching a movie, I don't notice the sensation at all. 

This doesn't seem to come and go with physical activity, since it's happened standing, sitting down, walking, etc. But like I said, it isn't incapacitating. I hike fairly regularly and climbed a mountain today and felt okay. Some points where I felt a bit out of breath, but that could easily be explained by the cold morning air (it was below freezing during the hike) and me being sedentary for the past month. 

However, when I take a deep breath, I can "feel" it in my upper stomach, chest, and occasionally ribs. It's not painful, but rather, a sensation that those locations are being pressed against.

I'm not sure if this is anxiety. As someone who has never been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, or experienced severe anxiety, I thought that if this breathing thing was related to anxiety, it would happen at moments when I'm particularly stressed, for example if I think about the exam or grad school, but that doesn't seem to really be the case.

Any thoughts on this?I'm not sure if what I'm experiencing right now is anxiety or not - feels like I'm having trouble breathingI'm lonely and sad and tired. I just want someone to talk toI tried to message some of my internet friends to try and calm down but their all afk or in a different time zone. So I'm here in a fit of tears for no reason at all... my ativan isn't helping much and my brain switches from a wave of thoughts to not thinking at all. I know its all anxiety I'm not new to the party. 
I just hate it and I feel kind of alone right now... And I can't do anything about it.Really bad anxiety attacks and crying fits..I don't think they would let me sign up for therapy.... I don't know what to do at this point. All my friends have abandoned me... 
I'm really losing hope
it's hard to hold on when all the hope I put on failed... And now I'm left with pretty much nothing.
It's just so frustrating. I cry every day hopelessly lost.
No one is willing to help me and point me to the light. 


Fuck this.I know I need treatment, but my parents don't care about mental disorders, and don't believe in them. Help me what am I supposed to do...Hey guys um yeah I think I might have just built-up the courage to end it finally cause of this news about climate change. It's always been my biggest fear and now it's getting out of hand. And what a shame too i just got a girlfriend and things were going so well but i can't handle this climate change shitclimate changeSo, lately I actually haven't been doing too bad. Work is going really well, the person I'm interested in is really nice to me and, although I haven't expressed my feelings, I'm really happy with the friendship we've cultivated and I just feel pretty confident about myself. When I'm around people. 

When I'm alone I start getting really shaky and upset. I have almost no appetite. My heart beats so hard it's almost painful and I get really close to crying a lot. I can't even have a comfortable lunch break because after about 15 minutes I start feeling the onset of a panic attack. I hate having days off work because all I do is sit by myself and think about the things I can't really control and how afraid I am for things to change. There're a lot of things that are about to be different in my life within the next year or so and I kind of understand the fear there but I feel happy about these things when I talk to other people about them.

I was wondering if anyone else had this issue and how they combat it. I want to be happy and I know it's a long journey to get there but I wish I could be as happy alone as I am when I'm with my coworkers/friends/etc.

I hope everyone is having a good day, thank you so much for the help! :)Sad alone, Happy-ish Around Others?Whenever I start to struggle with anxiety, my appetite tends to disappear for a few days. I'll end up hardly eating, and I know I should eat anyway but it's really difficult to even think about food without feeling sick to my stomach.

I know it doesn't help my anxiety because then I'm cursed with the ball of starvation in my stomach mixed with the ball of anxiety and it feels pretty bad. Plus then my lack of energy mixes with the depression and obviously those don't go well together.

I'm just wondering how anyone else copes with the lack of appetite. My counselor suggested easing my appetite back to normal with something bland like saltine crackers so I don't get sick but my appetite is still gone and the anxiety is still strong. I have hardly eaten for the past four or five days and it's really beginning to take a physical toll on me.

Any help is appreciateddoes anyone here deal with loss of appetite while feeling anxiety?About a month ago my doctor and I were discussing my anxiety medication. At the time he seemed to think my dose was on the low side, so he increased the dosage. After a few weeks I returned to report feeling no difference in my anxiety but I was experiencing other side effects. At this point he asked if I wanted to switch medications and I said yes because the side effects are negatively impacting my relationship. His plan was to reduce the dose by half for one week and another half the next week at which point I would start taking the new prescription.  I'm currently at the end of those two weeks and I'm having severe withdrawal symptoms: brain zaps, vertigo and nausea. It is debilitating. I cant even tell if I am feeling anxious or not because I feel so physically awful. I have read that it can take some people up to 2 months until these symptoms subside. I still have some Effexor left and I've been considering using it again to help wean myself off a bit slower. If I feel this way tomorrow I will not make it through the day at work. Everyone at work is getting the seasonal flu so we are short staffed as it is. I don't know if I should just power through it and start taking the new prescription or try the slower weaning process.Weaning off EffexorDue to my extreme anxiety, I can't finish easily a book. I'm 22 and I've started hundreds but only finished around 10. I feel ashamed for this but optimistic that one day I will be able to be an average reader.

What was your favorite book? When was the last time you finished a book? Anxiety is a struggle for you on this? Tell me more about your experiences on reading. I would love to hear. :)

Edit: How many books*, for sure. Typos everywhere, yay. 8')How many book have you read?It seems like such a simple concept... I use the computer in order to suppress my anxiety, but then when I'm off of it, I tend to have more anxiety, because I haven't actually learned to deal with the anxiety in a healthy way.

Maybe after quitting my gaming addiction I dealt with for so long, I figured that would fix the problem, but now I'm realizing I just have a reliance on technology in general.using the computer to escape anxiety causes me more anxiety
I was on 20 mg of Lexapro for 2.5 years. I weened off over the summer (my choice) I was doing SO WELL. And about 2 months after I was off the med I had a huge life event happen- I lost my job. My husband was able to pay bills all the while I was spiraling out of control of my life. I called my primary care doctor and pleaded I get back on my meds. I was on 10mg for two weeks then moved up to 20mg. The side effects were the absolute WORST. I don't remember them being this bad back when I first went on my lexapro a few years ago. I would feel shakey (like I've had too much coffee) and I would feel my heart beating out of my chest. I would take my lexapro at 7 am and like clockwork sure as shit a half hour later I would get the side effects. So, last night I decided to take the lexapro at night before bed, and.... I did not experience those side effects.... weird right?
Before my lexapro a few weeks ago I was sad, crying uncontrollably. I felt alone, isolated like my life was nothing. That's when I knew I needed help. I didn't want to be around anymore, I felt like no one wanted me. 
The lexapro helps me be able to take care of myself, exercise, live life, and most of the time I'm pretty even on the med.
Today was a rough day, the mornings are always the hardest for me. My husband goes to work during the week and I have been off work for weeks.... so I'm alone when he is gone and it makes me feel even sadder. I start my new job in a week (thank god) so I won't be inside the house all day even though I try to get out and do stuff to keep my mind busy. 
But tomorrow is another day and one step closer to lexapro kicking in and giving me the full effect it used to. I'm telling you this medication helped me live a happy life and I'm hoping once it kicks in full force it will do the same again. My journey with anxiety/depression and LexaproHi! I'm totally new to all of this so please forgive me if this isn't the place to be posting about this kind of thing (and mods feel free to remove/relocate this post if necessary!) but it's been really on my mind lately and I feel like talking is the best strategy.

I'm currently a 20 year old male and since the age of 18 I've been smoking cannabis on an almost daily basis. I had severe issues with depression and mood swings throughout my teenage life and in a lot of ways feel as though I missed out on a lot due to that, but smoking gave me a sort of "escape" where I didn't have to feel that way. After a few months of smoking I got the opportunity to try LSD and had quite a bad trip resulting in lasting anxiety. I had never had a panic attack until that point, but now I have suffered with them on a semi-regular basis. Sometimes I feel pretty good about life admittedly, I'm not always down or anything, but I do feel somewhat disconnected with life most of the time, as though I live my life entirely through my inner monologue. I still smoke and usually do it alone, so I don't socialise a huge amount. My panic attacks usually happen when I'm alone and revolve around feelings of intense tension and fear with intrusive thoughts that I've made myself insane and I'll be stuck like this forever, and I just can't relax. I think about it every day and I worry that if I tell a doctor they just won't understand. My girlfriend is a real help, she's helping me quit cannabis but I'm worried that I will get a bit of an increase in anxiety if I quit (whenever I quit I go through a period of a few weeks in which my anxiety and depression peaks whilst I adjust to life not-stoned). Does anyone have any even remotely similar stories and is there anything anyone could recommend? I know I should probably see a doctor, but will they take me seriously? I feel pretty helpless and worry constantly I've broken my mind forever. 

Sorry for the bleak post! :) Anxious After LSD and cannabis UseHow long have you had it? And how many times have you thought you had a serious condition, and/or thought you were going to die?

Question for those with health anxietyHello Reddit! So currently my sister has been facing a really bad panic attack. It's been going on for almost 24 hours and I don't think she's improving. She's not getting worse, but not better. I have anxiety as well and have faced a number of panic attacks, however mine are different. Usually I'm quiet and curl up in a ball while I ride it out. I don't know how to help her. Her's is sort of draining me. Her emotions are constantly up and down and she can't sit still. When she talks, she rambles nonsense or goes hysterical. I'm so tired and I don't feel like I'm helping her. I want to help but I also want some space to keep my emotions in check too (double panic attacks would be horrible!). What can I do to help but also keep my sanity?How to help my sisters panic attack?How Do I Know If I Have ANXIETY?I started Buspar a little over a month ago and have been very restless. It's hard for me to ascribe it to Buspar because I was manic and started another med at the same time with a possible side effect of restlessness (I'm bipolar too). I want to know if anyone had restlessness while on it. I see my doctor Monday and would like to know if I should recommend canning it. Oh, and that reminds me. Are any of you on an anti-anxiety med that you like that is not an antidepressant?  Because of the bipolar my doc wants to steer clear of antidepressants. Thank you!Has Buspar Caused You Restlessness and Inability to Sit Still?So lately my anxiety has been through the roof due to the stresses of college, but I think I found a really good way of dealing with it. When I find myself having an anxiety attack, I start to clean. My dorm room is pretty small, and it's easy for it to get dirty in a short amount of time. So when I clean it I find myself focusing on something other than stress, and when I'm done I feel way better! Everything looks better, and I have more room to stretch out in. Cleaning makes me feel like I have the power to change something for the better, and it really helps me when I'm having a hard time! Anyone else feel the same way? Cleaning!I have had anxiety since I was really young and depression. My parents forced me to go to counseling and take anxiety/depression medications. I hated taking medications and they were always putting me on different ones. Been on Zoloft, Lexapro, Paxil, and Effexor. Paxil messed me up real bad and gave me horrible withdrawl symptoms because they prescribed it to me at 16 years old. I have also taken Cymbalta  (sp?) And the withdrawals gave me terrible "brain zaps" which terrify me another medication might make that happen. I recently started going to a therapist again and psychiatrist because I feel like I need to. Psychiatric recommended Pristiq since I've tried a lot in the past. It makes me nervous to start taking a medication for this though because I do not want to become dependant on it. Dealing with it on my own doesn't seem that effective though. 

I know everyone's reactions to medications are different but hearing some experience might help me feel better about taking it. Thanks.I have had bad experiences with meds in the past and psychiatric wants me to start pristiq. What are peoples experience on here with pristiq?It's bad for me on the weekends, when I don't have to work.  I take naps, sometimes for most of the day, to avoid facing my life.  Then I feel worse because I'm not doing anything productive, like cleaning, socializing, etc.  I feel like such a loser.DAE use sleep to avoid their anxiety but it just makes it worse?18f INTP

Ok, so this is gonna be super long, but I mostly just wanted to write out how I'm feeling to get my thoughts in order. I'm in my first year of university, and everything is just A Lot. I've never posted here before, but people I know irl follow me on tumblr and I don't really want them to see this. If anyone has any tips/advice for how to deal with anxiety, I would love to hear it.

I've been feeling super stressed out recently (hellooo midterms), and that's contributing to some major impostor syndrome feelings. I just got a new job recently, and I was super excited about it, but now I just feel like it's way more effort than it's worth and I won't be able to handle it. The bus ride is two hours long, and constantly has problems (traffic, really long waits between transfers, etc.). I think that the stress from that is the root of a lot of my issues around it, especially when they asked if I could come in earlier and I stupidly agreed before realizing that there *literally isn't a bus running that early fml.*


And it's so frustrating because like two weeks ago I was so ready for the job and like 'I should just stop going to school and work full time because this will be so much fun!' and now I'm totally apathetic/actively dislike the thought of going to work again. And the people that work there seem nice, but they're all super close and I feel like I'm going to have trouble fitting in with that group. I'm fine talking to strangers (had a really nice chat with a client on my first day), but get super nervous talking to people I work with/for.

I'm also fighting to find the motivation to do school work/go to class, and then I feel like I'm failing at the whole 'be a responsible adult' thing, which then cycles back into impostor syndrome. And I'm fairly sure that I just got an *awful* grade on a test because I have no motivation/focus when I'm studying.

I've tried messaging my friend about how I'm feeling, and I know he's trying to be helpful, but he's super dismissive. He also has mental health problems that are actually diagnosed/worse then mine, so his dismissiveness makes me feel like I'm just being whiny and should get over myself. I've always been the 'perfect student,' with good grades, and I put on a fa ade that I have everything together, so I think that he doesn't realize how serious my issues actually are?? Or I'm just being overdramatic.

I've thought about talking to a therapist, but I get super uncomfortable talking to anyone about my feelings in person and I'm not sure if I would be able to open up enough to actually make progress. I don't talk to my family about it either because I'm worried that they would judge me (which I know is dumb because there's a history of mental illness in my family). I have trouble talking about/dealing with my emotions, and tend to treat negative feelings as a sign of weakness in myself.

**Tl;dr I'm incredibly stressed, sucking at my freshman year of college, feeling some serious impostor syndrome surrounding both my new job and class, and unable to talk to a therapist because I'm so socially awkward/closed off.**Anxiety About College, New Job, Impostor SyndromeHello all, so this morning I experienced what I believe to be Atrial Fibrillation (Afib) and I am freaking out. I started getting heart palpitations about two years ago. Since then they have increased slightly and I have about one a day. I am 22 years old and was born with one arm, but other then that I am in good health. I am 5'11" and weigh 148 so I am very skinny for my height and used to be very athletic. I am not in good cardiovascular shape right now, however. I have seen the cardiologist earlier this month about the palpitations and got a EKG, Echo-cardiogram, and Holter monitor done. They all came back normal and the Holter report said rare PAC's and PVC's. My cardiologist brushed it off with health anxiety and wrote a script for a beta blocker. This morning I had maybe 3 sips of green tea and started working. We had a consignment sale at the ski shop I work at so I was lifting things and moving stuff around. After about 15 minutes of working I noticed that my heart felt like it kept skipping a beat. I felt out of breath and a bit lightheaded so I took a minute to relax and I checked my pulse. At this point I knew something was up because I could feel a pause in my pulse followed by an heartbeat that was stronger than normal. From what I understand what is actually happening is that your heart is having an extra beat in the atrial chamber but you can't feel it because it doesn't actually pump blood, hence, the skipped heartbeat sensation. This continued for about five minutes and then settled down. About fifteen minutes later it started happening again for a few minutes. During the periods of time that my heart was acting up it seemed to happen almost every other beat. I am now home from work and it hasn't happened since this morning and I am trying to figure out the severity of it and a game plan. If anyone can provide any insight on what I experienced I would really appreciate it. The heart palpitations have been an ongoing issue for me and today has been the worst yet. Thanks for reading my post.

Edit: I lied, just had another palpitation...Experienced a heart Arrhythmia this morning, needless to say, i'm terrified.Well my anxiety has taken a turn for the worse. I have extreme difficulties swallowing food. It's like I "forget" how to swallow and end up choking on my food. I have been able to drink fluids, and swallow small bits of food with water (as if you were taking a multivitamin). But when it comes to just food, I can't swallow and it's frustrating me beyond belief!!! Food has been my comfort/coping strategy my whole life. I used to eat something to get me out of the "fight or flight" thinking when I was having a panic attack, but I can't seem to find comfort in that anymore. :'( I don't know what to do anymore. I guess I'm just reaching out to see if anyone else has experienced this before and if they got over it (and how?). Anything helps as I'm starving over here, and wishing I could eat and conquer these panic attacks!Anxiety is Causing Me To Not Swallow FoodI've always had a problem with anxiety. I grew up in a tense environment, etc etc. It drove me crazy, I turned to eating disorders and self harm to cope, and had major suicidal thoughts. Professionals kept seeing the depression the anxiety caused, but not the actual anxiety itself.

I feel like I'm going crazy. I can barely function day to day. Even small decisions are causing major issues, and a bigger decision (a laptop to buy for college) has completely taken over my life. It's been going on for months. I've now started my course and still don't have a computer capable of doing my course, but I cannot decide. I do the whole flipping coins thing, pros and cons lists, whatever. I've read every forum about it possible, and spoken to everyone I can about it, and the upshot is "it's your decision".  I've been in a state of constant anxiety for about three months now, not eating properly, constant adrenalin, always feeling on the edge of a panic attack. It's basically a combination of all of my biggest anxiety triggers (money; a long term decision (this needs to last for at least three years); my ability to work and do well at college; what people think of me; fear of the unknown in the future etc). 

Anyway I don't even know what to do. I know I'm pissing off everyone around me, but every time I think about it I want to crawl into a hole and die. Nobody can help me make a decision. I've always been bad at decision making but this is insane. I feel like I'm getting into OCD territory with all the weird ways I'm trying to deal with it (if I wear this lucky bracelet, the coin toss will be the right decision). I don't even know, I just need to vent. I hate this, I hate myself, I hate the fact I know that there are far more important things to worry about. I feel like I'm going crazy and it makes me want to die. My anxiety is driving me insaneAnyone experience these symptoms related to their anxiety? And have any of these physical symptoms cleared up by going on an anti depressant/anti anxiety medication? Acne/poor digestion/hormonal imbalance and anxiety [23F]Hi guys, when I am sitting with people I get very anxious on how I am being viewed. It makes me sick and some people noticed in my class and asked me what was wrong with me. Any suggestionHow can I control anxiety in a class room?I'm 26 and struggle with opening up about my anxiety. My boyfriend is aware of it but struggles to understand how it works and how it affects me due to my lack of confidence about making myself understood. It's massively holding me back in my relationship as I am scared of trying new things or entering situations that I feel I could end up looking like a fool.How to tell my boyfriend I suffer with severe anxietyHey everyone.  Just looking for some possible advice here. I will try to keep this short:

I have been dating a wonderful woman for a few months now, and we were friends for a while before we started dating.  We have a ton in common, including anxiety and depression issues.  Things are going well in general. She has recently told me that she loves me.  The trouble that I have is that when she feels anxious or off mentally, she closes up.  She feels anxious about public affection of the smallest variety as well.  

So a lot of the time when I show affection by touching her or putting my arm around her, she is very cold and unreceptive.  There are a lot of times where she is very warm and affectionate, but I just find it so hard to connect with her emotionally when it feels like my affection is being turned away so often.  I feel like I could love this girl to no end if she would let me, but it just feels like I just can't get past her wall that she puts up when feeling anxious.  

She has told me that it would make her so happy to hear me say "I love you" but emotional connections with her are just so fleeting.  So I am cautious and starting to feel guarded because although she tells me how much I mean to her and that she is in love, I just can't feel it half of the time.  I know that this has to do with her anxiety, as she has assured me.  

I was quite happy just taking this slow and feeling our way through this, but I now feel like the bar has been raised by her telling me that she loves me and is waiting for me to say I love you back.

Has anyone else experienced this?  Any advice?  I want to be able to get past this and be able to let my own guard down and allow myself to love her.  Dating and anxiety issues.ending the stigma around psychology will improve the economy and gross national happiness[26F] Solotraveled to Seattle after I left someone I love last year. I was a train wreck for months. Came back exactly a year later and wrote myself a postcard. It gets better friends, never easy, never fast, but it does.I don't really know what I just experienced. I was hanging out with two of my friends and smoking weed, when I had what I can best describe as a panic attack. Seemingly out of nowhere I was completely consumed by panic and anxiety to the the point where it nearly felt like I was paralyzed. I started freaking out and screaming but I still don't know why. One of my friends managed to calm me down and got me to lie down. I have been very stressed the past couple of weeks with school work but  this was something else entirely. This happened last night and I still feel shook up about it this morning. I have never experienced anything like this before and it was by far the most terrifying and embarrassing experience I've had.Not sure what just happenedThis may be a semi-long description so I'm sorry in advance. But, anyone willing to read and help me I thank you in advance :)

So, for the last 5 or 6 years my parents were emotionally abusive to me. You all can already probably understand what that does to a person. I went thru depression, general anxiety, anxiety attacks almost every other day and panic attack about once a month. Before this abuse took place, I always knew I had social anxiety as a child, but other than that my childhood, although wasn't the greatest due to bullying, was anxiety free. Or maybe I had it generally and hadn't realized what it actually was. I always had 'ticks' as a child that were very noticeable.. clapping my knees and palms together, eye twitches, rubbing my eyes, mouth twitches... all that I worked really hard to stop doing and luckily have been free of them for several years. I still have a few but there more normal I guess, like picking my nails or cuticles and cracking my fingers or toes. 

I recently, moved out of my house and into a supportive household with my fiancee and am very happy. Since, I've been away from my parents I've only had three anxiety attacks within the last two months. My general anxiety tends to be when I'm separated from my fiancee I get really sad and anxious, I tend to overthink things, I always feel like the anxiety in bones kinda feeling. Idk what that is exactly. I can't explain it. I guess what I'm getting to is, I've watched videos and done some research as to what anxiety actually is and how it affects people and when I read and watch these videos I can't relate. Like waking up and overthinking things right away, not being able to catch your breath in doing simple things like shopping or going for a walk, constant feeling of why am I here?

I feel like my anxiety levels raise when I'm under stress or something. I don't know. I haven't been diagnosed because I've never had the money to go and my parents refused to take me. 

So what all does anxiety mean and how does it manifest? Are there different forms? And if there are what steps can you take to relieve symptoms? 

Thanks guys. I'm sorry this was long. I'm just confused and looking for answers if any.Trying to desperately understand my anxietyIs it normal to have symptoms for many years?What is the longest time you suffered from constant anxiety symptoms?I've never had panic attacks before, and for the past four days ive been in and out of the hospital because of this. It happens randomly and when it does my heart starts racing and my whole body trembles, I feel like im going to die. Yesterday was the worst, i was trembling for almost an hour and i really thought it was the end. I really don't know why this is happening to me. I can feel the onset of another one while typing this. the only idea i have of the cause could be smoking weed but i have been smoking it for years and I've never gotten like this. When it happens i feel like im going to have a heart attack or lose conciousness and it is the scariest thing. The hospitals all said it was a panic attack when i feel like it is so much more. Do you think they couldve misdiagnosed it? Please help.why have i been having panic attacks for 4 days in a row?So, I have generalized anxiety/paranoia. It's a pain in my ass. I have On and off been seeing some therapists and I do have one prescription for helping short-term anxiety. But I have a huge event coming up, and I need some help coping with the up coming weeks so I don't go bat-shit crazy waiting. I know taking certain supplements help, I'm just looking for suggestions what I can do when I'm sitting there waiting for this damn date and suddenly the feeling of dread and such kick in. I'm trying to make myself busy as possible but I know that won't be enough. I appreciate any input!! Need some "natural" ways to cope.Had my first panic attack a little over two weeks ago. Was stressed from school exams, had some relative deaths, and also just having a negative mentality coupled with caffeine and allergy pills, led to my experience. 

Ever since then, I've been dealing with morning anxiety, loss of appetite, fear of sleeping, depressed mood, etc.... The past three days I slept very little, was unable to due to sleeping anxiety, my body got really tired. 

And so yesterday, it seems like my body said enough was enough, I felt really calm, and had little to no anxiety around the night time. This was after I forced myself to eat some protein lean food to regain my appetite back, and I went grocery shopping for bananas, canned fruit, nuts, noodles , milk and some other foods that will be good for me and easy to consume. 

So I went to sleep earlier than usual, although I did struggle sleeping still, but later late into the night I managed to get some hours in, as I remember some vivid dreams. This morning I feel normal again, I'm sneezing and calm, ate breakfast immediately, drinking water, and hoping the rest of the day persists like this. 

I say semi-normal because I still struggle with sleep. I have melatonin at hand, tried it once but it didn't seem to help, makes you sleepy but I end up awaking in middle of sleep either way. And I don't want to rely on supplements, want my body to do the work. 

Am I recovering at this point? Hopefully this is good news for all of us, that with those hectic and miserable two weeks, you will find relief(in my case without meds or therapy) and start feeling somewhat normal! 

I highly recommend to try getting yourself to eat, once you go back to losing your appetite, it causes a great deal of stress, which will increase your anxiety, remove that stressor, eat small portions every couple hours, slowly regain your appetite, and water helps too! 

Feeling semi-normal again ....These symptoms started after my attempt to stop using SSRIs. There is a general pulsation in my whole body, which is quite common with anxiety but there are also these horrible, weird symptoms that I haven't heard from anyone. 

There is a tension spreading from the left side of my neck to my ear. Recently I have noticed that this tension sometimes  goes all through my left side, ending in my hand and foot. I believe this fucks up my face muscles, it has caused a major sinus inflammation at one point, and it makes my teeth clench when I fall asleep. 

Inexplicably, it is on the other side of my face that I get something akin to allergic symptoms, my face is slightly swollen and my nostril is almost closed off. Doctors say it is not a sinus problem and not a dental issue, and even a psychiatrist said that anxiety wouldn't cause something like this, even though psychiatrists tend to claim that anxiety can cause virtually anything. I'd certainly not think that this has anything to do with my anxiety if it didn't occur exactly at the same time as my other symptoms. 

Has anyone struggled with even remotely similar symptoms? 

Edit: Typos.Anyone experiencing tension spreading the side of the neck to the ear, night bruxism and/or sinus problems?First time posting here because I don't know where else to post. I like routine, I like knowing what i'm doing at what time. However due to a health scare, I've had to change my entire routine and my anxiety is rising because of it. Nothing feels completely right, it's like everything feels off just by a bit. I don't know what i'm asking for here, any help would be appreciated. My routine is messed up and my anxiety is rising because of it.Anyone here ever try nitro for chest pains? It's generally for heart related pain (or esophagus). After a year of ups and downs with therapy I decided to get a second opinion as things have been getting worse. A cardiologist gave me this to try while I wait on a CT scan, he said about the only thing we could have missed that would explain my symptoms would show on the CT as an abnormality.

But I'm afraid of taking it. I'm afraid of side effects (which have been explained to me) and I'm afraid of what it means if it works and/or doesn't work. The pharmacist who gave it to me told me to go to the ER if it doesn't work. The Cardiologist told me if it doesn't work then it's not a heart or "soft muscle" problem.

So if it works I might have heart disease, or maybe it helps anxiety too? If it doesn't work then I might be having a heart attack (pharmacist) or it just means it's not heart related (cardiologist).

I'm hoping the CT scan shows everything is okay and I'll keep working on therapy. But it's so frightening right now with things getting worse and no one able to tell me why.Nitro for Chest PainsI figured getting some sort of small pet to focus my energy on would be beneficial. The problem is my mom is allergic to most animals with fur aside from dogs (cats, hamsters, gerbils and rats). Do you guys have any suggestions on easy to care for pets that aren't too expensive? I have had lizards before so I have tanks already set up.I want to get some kind of "therapy pet"...Any suggestions?My therapist suggested this for when I feel overwhelmed in public and I felt like it was a good companion to meditative breathing. Basically you go down the list of some of your senses and focus on things one at a time. You find three things you can see, two things you can hear, two things you can feel and so on. You focus on each thing individually, picking out as much detail as you can. In this way your mind is occupied until the attack passes. It's kind of a grounding thing.Mindfulness excercise**Hey guys. First and foremost, I wanted to say that this community has helped out a lot when I thought that I was alone in the way I felt. Just being able to look through other people's worries and seeing that I shared a lot in common with them has helped a lot at my lowest points. I put a tl;dr at the bottom, since I know this is incredibly long.**

&amp;nbsp;

That being said, I have a bit of a question. Sorry, this might be a little long.

&amp;nbsp;

Backstory time: I started college at a pretty good university this fall, and I was really excited (and a bit nervous) about it all. Before I started, however, I had a weird sensation - when I went to bed at night, it felt like my right calf was tensed up, as if it was cramping, but at the same time it wasn't - there was never any actual *cramp*, just that feeling as if it was about to happen.

&amp;nbsp;

So, of course, this continues at college, and I decide to see the clinic there after my first week of classes. The primary care doctor examines my leg and essentially writes it off as a vitamin deficiency. And sure, I can understand that - I'm overweight and I don't take great care of myself, so my diet is probably lacking.

&amp;nbsp;

That night, however, I begin to get this shooting, burning pain in my right knee. Now, I'm a gamer. I play probably sixty hours or more of video games every week when I don't have something to do. And I also know that sitting for long periods like that without moving is a great way to end up with deep vein thrombosis. Now that I had a second symptom lining up my self-diagnosis, I went back to the doctor. She told me it was nerve pain, possibly from a pinched nerve (although how that would've happened I have no idea), and told me to rest. 

&amp;nbsp;

The next day, I woke up with shortness of breath. My brain goes into full panic mode - that's three for three on the DVT -&gt; PE chain of symptoms. I go back to the doctor, worried as all hell, and she calms me down and tells me that she'll send me to the ER to make sure there isn't a clot. Sure enough, I go to the ER - blood tests normal, ultrasound of the leg reveals nothing, D-Dimer test well within range, etc. etc. Even x-rays look fine. And yet, I wasn't content.

&amp;nbsp;

I should mention that at this point I started to get more symptoms as well. After my ER trip (and still to this day) I began to experience mild-moderate headaches. I've had plenty of headaches before, but these were constant. I can't think of a day in the last month that I haven't had some amount of headache throughout the day. My hands began to become twitchy, and I started noticing that I made more errors when typing. Pins and needles in my hands and especially my feet made me jump to the conclusion of diabetic neuropathy (despite having a glucose reading of 97) - so I went to the urgent care doctor at home and, after another CBC/CMP, got a non-fasting glucose reading of 101 and a normal A1C. No diabetes. All my vitamin levels were normal, everything on every test was good (except something something "gap" was slightly high, yet one more thing to worry about that I haven't googled)

&amp;nbsp;

Anyway. My worries eventually progressed to the point where I could no longer focus on my schoolwork, and thus I took a medical withdrawal from my college. I began to see a psychologist specializing in adolescents and the like (I saw him primarily because he was the only one available for the next month and I knew him from middle school days). He said my reactions to everything were understandable, and that I clearly fit the bill for some kind of anxiety disorder (although we're still in the process of nailing down exactly what).

&amp;nbsp;

The thing is, I don't believe him. Or rather, I do - 90% of me does - but there's that small part that always wants to say *but what if...*

&amp;nbsp;

It's the same part of me that feels the pain between my shoulder blades and makes me think I have cancer, because I read posts about people who got diagnosed with cancer after feeling pain in their shoulder. The same part that makes me think I'm going to have an aneurysm because of the shooting pain in my neck. A brain tumor because of my constant headaches and earaches. A stroke because of the pain in my left arm and quasi-numbness on the left side of my face. 

&amp;nbsp;

The thing is, I feel too smart for my own good. I feel the constant need to question the doctors - I mean, in the moment, I trust them, and I think everyone I've seen is great. My primary care doctor was the only one out of three doctors who realized my heartburn and waking-up-unable-to-breatheness as an actual issue, rather than me just being overweight. I'd trust him with my life. And yet, I somehow think he's wrong. There's *something* wrong with me, and yet I know there can't be. Sure, all my blood tests were fine, but what if I've got something those tests won't see? What if they didn't really take a close look at the x-rays or ultrasounds? It's a never-ending *what-if* battle, and I hate it. 

&amp;nbsp;

And every day it's a new symptom. My neck's felt tight the last few days, and I felt something solid on the left side of my neck that wasn't mimicked on the right. Reading on here leads me to believe that it's a swollen lymph node, likely from all the stress, but it's just another thing that my mind gets stuck on. I have a sort of bulge on my left side below my ribs compared to my right (I mean, I'm fat. I'm like 260 lbs and 5'7", but it's obvious that it isn't just fat being fat.). I'm sure that it's a form of lung or stomach cancer, because I also have this non-productive dry cough every few hours. There's no way it is, but I'm *sure* that it is.

&amp;nbsp;

**TL;DR/Conclusion** 

I'm experiencing hypochondria and yet part of me constantly refuses it. I constantly find and experience new minor things that are wrong with me, from "bulges"/lumps where there aren't any on the other side to constant headaches, shooting neck pain, chest pain, "knots" in my arms, pain throughout my lower back...I mean, I could go on for hours with the amount of things my body's tried to throw at me as symptoms. 

&amp;nbsp;

I guess I'm just wondering if anyone else out there knows what I'm talking about and/or knows anything that helps. I'm managing so far, but it's a little hard when at least once per day I'm sure that the pain in the back of my head is going to burst or the pain in my arm is the onset of a stroke. I talk to my friends about it, and they're supportive, but it's small comfort when I can't even be content with the confirmation that I'm fine by *several* medical professionals. (Probably doesn't help that my escapade onto wikipedia looking into Hypochondria made me come across the line that "sometimes diagnoses of hypochondria are wrongfully given to those with a poorly understood illness/disease". Because *that's* what I needed to hear.)Hypochondria, the gift that keeps on giving.As I'm sure many of you already know first-hand it can be overwhelming even to do the "little" or "normal" things in life for those with anxiety issues. It's about time every one of us bragged about our triumphs big and small in our day to day life.

This weekly post is all about sharing our victories - large and small. Because let's face it - for those of us suffering with anxiety issue it really is all about the little things. Success &amp; victories large AND small happen all the time and these are worth sharing. Also, sometimes in sharing these moments of success, there is the added bonus of fellow Redditors - giving encouragement and hope. It helps to know that there are people actually beating this.
Weekly Success Thread: Share your victories large &amp; small!I got extreme free floating anxiety after taking phenibut with alcohol for the first time to try to deal with social anxiety. After a couple of days of heart pounding free floating fear, I got sick of it and went for a walk in the evening. 

It was pitch black by this point and there is a shortcut through a scary park near my house. I realized I would feel no more afraid in the park than I had just sitting at home for the previous 2 days. So I took the shortcut. It was scary as hell but honestly no worse than what I was feeling already. After that, my anxiety has been going further and further away. I even feel great a lot of the time.

I feel like I exposed myself to a rational source of anxiety for the first time in my life and gave myself a new threshold for anxiety that is way higher than the things I normally experience and that used to cause me anxiety eg talking to work colleagues.

I got thinking about how the phenibut had caused the rebound anxiety because it activates gaba receptors which very quickly down regulate. That made me think about things that might be able to ease anxiety by doing the opposite, ie causing your gaba receptors to up regulate. Then it struck me that exposure to rational sources of fear might do exactly that.

Cavemen didn't get generalized anxiety because they were regularly exposed to real life threatening situations, eg there could be a sabre tooth tiger behind any given bush. Their anxiety threshold would have been set pretty high. It's the opposite for modern life where we're physically safe pretty much all the time, so its easy for our gaba driven anxiety threshold to get all out of whack.

I just wanted to put this idea out there and see what people think. Could inducing rational fear help to reduce free floating anxiety by resetting our anxiety response to activate at a higher threshold? It seemed to help me out of the really unpleasant dip I was going through. 

Also I should mention that I've been taking an ssri, wellbutrin, nsi-189, semax and a dl-phenylalanine + vitamin B6 combo which I'm sure have all helped a great deal too and would also have increased neuroplasticity, which would have made the reset more effective. I honestly have never felt better in my life.

Cheers, would love to hear your thoughts.

ps. I'm not recommending going through scary parks at night, I live in a super safe neighbourhood and the threat was theoretical, there were definitely no sabre tooths in there.Resetting anxiety levelsDoes anyone else get anxious about being left alone with their child for fear of being ill, having a big medical emergency and knowing that they are too young to phone for help and you're not sure what would happen to them for the few hours that they'd be basically alone? 

I get super anxious and have symptoms close to a heart attack whenever my wife leaves me on my own with our 3 year old. It doesn't matter if she's asleep or not, I still feel trapped and start feeling shaky, beating heart, chest and arm pain, hugely impatient and irritable etc. It feels like a major problem, I'm obviously hoping it's just anxiety. 

I don't really know why. I can cope pretty well, there's nothing about parenting that scares me etc. I think it's just the fact that there's no one around to help me if I'm ill, and when I start feeling stressed, I can't calm down because I'm got someone to look after. I feel guilty because I don't feel like I'm enjoying my time with her and I clock watch until my wife is home. When she's home, my symptoms magically disappear.

For some reason, if I'm totally alone with no child, I don't get it. It's probably not a fear of no help then I guess. Maybe it's just a fear of her being helpless with me. 

Does anyone else get this and what have you found helps? Anxious about being alone with my childI'm trying to help my sister find a new job asap but we're having difficulties because she has pretty strong anxiety, especially when she's in a busy, social environment. She recently quit an office job (as a typist) after just 2 days after breaking down in tears and being unable to sleep since starting. She'd been working from home as a p/t copywriter for the past year and all of a sudden she was put into this hectic environment where they wanted her to work 10-11 hour shifts twice a week. It made her quite ill and she ended up going to the doctors, who referred her to cognitive behavioral therapy.

So now she's struggling to find work because she's afraid that the same scenario will happen again. The thing is, she's very clever and talented. She's good with computers and she's experienced in writing, WordPress, and the Adobe software. She's done a bit of admin and online customer service (live chat) in the past too. But a lot of these skills require lots of verbal communication and she's just not ready for that right now. She's really great at written communication though, but there doesn't seem to be many jobs in this field. It's weird, because she can be very confident and sociable when she goes for interviews, but then the moment she starts working she has an anxiety attack. I think it's because she then realizes she's expected to form actual working relationships with these people and keep it up every single day.

So I'm trying to help her with job ideas; things she may not have thought of before. Something that let's her work independently for the most part (although she's okay with being social in small doses). Nothing with long hours or heavy deadlines. The pay doesn't have to be brilliant as she just wants to earn enough to keep renting her studio flat.

Any ideas? Or if you yourself have anxiety, where do you work?Best jobs for introverts with anxiety?I started 10mg of Lexapro October 12 and have felt like complete shit since starting. I get sweaty, shaky, jittery, can barely eat, its hard to swallow, my throat feels tight, I feel dizzy. I had to leave my current job early yesterday because I almost threw up there. I feel so powerless over this. I start training for my new job today and I have to be there for 9:15 until 2. I don't think I can make it through the day. I barely made it through a 4-hour shift yesterday. I don't want to go to my training because I know I'll become shaky, and sick and end up leaving early. 

The side effect from Lexapro are ruining my life when all I want is to get better. I don't know what to do and feel like a huge failure. I am so scared right now.I'm ruining my life because of Lexapro side effectsAnd if so, how did you deal with it?

For example, last Saturday I went to school after weeks of being terrified of it or of having a panic attack but everything went well and I was happy. The day after I hated everything and desperately wanted to harm myself.DAE get depressed after achieving something?How to Use Lucid Dreaming to Decrease AnxietyThis has been bugging me a lot recently. I've recently become extremely stressed because of school and want someone to talk to, or even just someone to spend time with. I talk to other friends, but sometimes I just want my boyfriend to reassure me that he loves me and cares about me. 

The thing is though, he's already stressed himself because of college applications and his own classes, and snaps at me when I bring up whatever I'm stressed about, saying that he's busy and/or doesn't have time to deal with me. We ended up getting in an argument today because he was at my house and didn't bother to say bye to me before heading to work, even though he had time to have a short chat with my parents and my aunt. When I brought it up, he got defensive and said I was being too needy and that he was too busy to just kiss me to say bye or something. 

And last week, I was having a severe panic attack/low blood sugar situation and was home alone, and he got annoyed when I told him about this. It wasn't severe enough to warrant calling 911 so I didn't, but I didn't have the strength to drag myself to the kitchen to drink a juice or something. He told me that he didn't have time for that sort of thing at that moment because he was busy, and was tired of me constantly relying on me for everything. I wasn't able to talk on the phone, but I did text both my parents to come home to help me, but since they're old-fashioned and really only answer to phone calls, they didn't even see the messages until two hours after they got home. So I was basically left with just my boyfriend, the only other person with access to my house, and he told me that I rely on him too much and that I should call 911 and leave him alone (family doesn't have the money for frivolous 911 calls that could possibly result in any charge, and I couldn't talk anyway). 

And today, I forgot about something I was supposed to help him with and was running late, so he started yelling at me, which made me completely shut down and I had a panic attack. He left without me to set up and I ended up getting there right when he was done setting up, so my being late wasn't really much of an issue anyway. Later though, when I talked about it, he said that I made him feel bad by crying, and that I always make him feel bad when I'm upset. He basically just talked about how me crying made him feel guilty for yelling at me, but phrased it in a way that made it seem like he meant that I was purposely crying just for the sake of guilting him and getting attention. This leads to him being very apathetic whenever I talk to him about things that are stressing me out, even though I'm willing to set aside time for him when he's at his lowest, no matter what I'm supposed to be doing. 

Am I being unreasonable for expecting him to be able to support me and make me feel loved, especially when I'm having a bad day or a medical emergency? I feel guilty for making it seem like I'm forcing him to put me above everything else, which I'm not trying to do. I only really want him to be with me when I'm upset and don't have anyone else, and don't pressure him to spend time with me when I'm having an otherwise normal day and he has stuff to do. Am I needy for wanting someone to be supportive and caring?So tired of people who don't get what actual anxiety and panic attacks are like. Wasted years of my life now and don't think I'll ever get better again even tho I did before. But I'm too tired now. I keep getting help and it doesn't help. TiredI work In a kitchen the catch is tho everyone speaks spanish and barely any English Except for the foh.

Going into my 3rd month of employment (huge step for me I'v had atleast 20 jobs in the past year alone)

And it's finally sinking in no matter how hard I try there's always gonna be somthing they feel need to show me for the 100th time 

I also understand the hoistiality I feel could be felt on both sides the fence and due to language being a issue.
I'd also like to add I was even given a dollers raise 

I'm just so confused stress and kinda sick with a cold 
Been off my meds for 2 weeks now tired of feeling picked onIn about a month and a weeks time, my college course is requiring all students to give a 20 minute presentation. My nerves have been shot since the first week of class, when we selected the presentation dates. I've panicked almost every week now, and it sucks. I cannot wait for the day to pass and I can have a feeling of relief, locked inside of my dark room. 

To make matters worse, I have started to shake from sitting in class and the just the potential of social interactions. So, I am extremely worried about doing this in-front of my peers. Anxiety sucks.

Anyone have tips or suggestions to make this presentation easier? Thanks!Coping with presentationsI'm currently a senior at Stanford for business school and have worked extremely hard to get to this stage. I transferred from a community college last year and was looking forward to going to the school, but unfortunately my expectations where to high and I was unable to match it. I have not made many friends, struggled in my classes, wasn't able to get a job, was paying $26k a semester ($52k a year)and worst of all wasn't enjoying my time. The first year went by and although I had these problems I still kept my head up and was looking forward to my last year, but after the fourth week of classes I have developed health and psychological issues with azhma, lung issues, anxiety, and depression (diagnosed by psychologist). Now I'm entering the 9th week of classes have fallen behind and am having an extremely tough time getting out of bed to even cracking open a book. The only time I have been going out is to see my doctors and have missed a ton of classes this past month (including exams). Let alone the health, I have yet to pay the ridiculous amount of tuition I owe and is causing a lot of stress for me. Thankfully I have health insurance and have informed my counselor about my situation. I'm left with 1/3 options. 
1. Take the semester off, get 4 Ws, get my tuition waiver and start over next semester. ( a semester behind) 
2. Get an incomplete, pay my tuition now, and continue where I left off next semester. (Missed midterms and am off to a shaky start) 
3. Don't get my degree and drop out completely. (Save the money, time, sress. Not enjoying my time and I'd rather work, travel, or study to get some type license such as a real estate or brokers license) 
Any advice would be greatly appreciated.School stress health finances and other issues. Any advice?I've always had a tendency to oversimplify my day-to-day life to avoid stress, so that tends to mean I put off most things I want to accomplish in a day whether it's productive or not. Emphasis on anything that might involve uncertainty or stress. Pretty much the only time I allow myself to be motivated toward fixing this is at the very end of the day when there's nothing I can do about it. Then I wake up feeling too tired to do anything which allows the cycle to continue. The thought that keeps coming back when I try to figure out how to fix this is that I need to make sure I get out of bed immediately when I wake up rather than start the day by establishing a pattern of putting things off.


So what I've decided to try is writing myself a note reminding myself to get out of bed which I'll be putting on my laptop (the first thing I reach for in the morning). Hopefully this will at least start the day off right, but I'd like to have some more options to keep me going through the rest of the day.

Does anyone else have the same issue and can offer some strategies?

tl;dr: Big procrastinator, only motivated to change at the end of the day and always unmotivated when I wake up. Would like some strategies to remedy this.Strategies for breaking procrastination cycle?My last panic attack sent me overboard and I felt a sense of rage mixed with anxiety. Has anyone else experienced this? If so, how do you keep the rage at bay?Anxiety induced rage..?18m. Recently found out my mother is on anti-anxiety medication (had no idea), and so I tried to put some pieces together.

I always had a tightness in my chest, and a mild but entirely persistent angst around other people. I'm never truly comfortable, except after I wake up (I don't want to get out of bed). I always thought that was a normal thing other people experienced, and I figured whining about it was a bunch of crybaby bullshit.

This night - just got back to my dorm - I was hangout out with friends. Suddenly, I realized (or decided?) that other people weren't listening to me, didn't care, didn't like me - I stared at the ceiling for about 20 minutes. God, I'm such a bitch, what's my problem? I should just talk to be other people and be interesting.Should I get Help?TL;DR: Went from a night shift to a day shift at work. I've had panic attacks because it's so busy, but when I went to the doctor to get a medical accommodation to stay overnights she blew me off and didn't believe me. I can't go on like this working days, but now I'm terrified of seeing a new doctor. Help? Advice?

I've worked at a health insurance call center for about a year. When I started I worked second shift for a few months, it was kind of busy the first couple hours of my shift, but not that bad. I had a little anxiety, but I could manage it.

We had a shift bid and I went to an over night schedule. Before I started overnights I got more training. After I had already been trained for my new position, I was informed that the position I have, I can only work days.  They let me keep my overnight schedule until the next shift change though. The week after I finished training I had to work days until my overnight schedule started and it was miserable. I had a panic attack on the first day and left early most days that week, which got me on a verbal warning for attendance.


I started day shift on October 1st. The problem is during the day calls are back to back for my entire shift. Since then I've had a panic attack and went home early. On top of that I've missed three days because I dread going to work. 

A couple months ago when I found out I would have to go to days, I talked to my supervisor and she gave me paperwork to get a medical accommodation to keep my overnight shift. 

Some of my friends recommended the same doctor who did theirs, so I went and saw her. I told her I'm positive I have anxiety and that I was dreading going to days and that last time I had a panic attack.

She totally dismissed me. She told me she wouldn't fill out my paperwork because I was a new patient. I told her I just moved to town in January and hadn't been to the doctor since, but she didn't care. It felt like she was calling me a liar. I started crying and she just left the room without saying anything. A few minutes later the nurse came in and told me I could go.

I gave up and decided to just work days until I get promoted again, but I can't do it. Every morning I wake up dreading going to work. I haven't had another panic attack yet, but I feel like crying all the time. When it's time to log out I literally run to my car.

A few other people I work with recommended another doctor, but I'm terrified that he will react the same way th first doctor did. Has anyone else been in a similar situation? What did you do? Last doctor blew me off, now I'm terrified of trying another oneI'd never had any anxiety issues for 29 years of my life, then all of a sudden at the time of my wedding, I was ferociously anxious/nervous about walking the altar and having everyone's eyes on me. It was during this time when I "learned" what a panic attack was and had my first one. 

However, even after the wedding ended and the actual anxious events passed, I still find myself now having panic attacks. Anything in my body feeling off (slight dizziness, stomach soreness, smelling something nauseating, any slight "butterflies" in the stomach, etc) gets me really nervous and I'll start feeling nauseous/acid reflux-y and have to lie down to calm down. It's like my body "learned" how to have a panic attack the first time and can now cause it to happen more easily.

Has anyone else's panic disorder/attacks began seemingly out of a single instance like mine did? I'd always thought that anxiety/panic disorder would be something that would have showed up and been more consistent before I was already 30 years of age, and it seems strange to me that out of a single event, my body could "learn" how to suddenly be anxious.those of you with panic disorder/attacks - did they just randomly start after a single event?Went to an AA meeting today. It's not a secret that the format is a small group of people who are invited to share what they're going through. As it goes around the circle I hear things I relate to and come up with stuff to say. When it gets me to I have a minor panic attack. My heart rate shoots up, I can't make eye contact with people, my brain is foggy, I rush through what I'm saying and get mixed up and jumbled. After I'm done speaking my visible anxiety feels humiliating I just feel like total shit. 

I've had this kind of public speaking anxiety my whole life. The first time I remember was when I was 8. But now that I'm an adult what can I do about it? I want to go to these meetings and participate but I have a panic attack every time I go. 

These groups are about 5-10 people big and are very warm and accepting. It just happens every time.Public Speaking Anxiety Even In Small GroupsHow do you tell people about your anxiety? Do you even try to explain the behaviours, or just keep it to yourself?

--------------------------------

I'm mulling over the idea of confiding in a friend about how when I don't get a response to a text message or email, I get very afraid that I've said/done something wrong and worry about it for hours (sometimes days) afterwards. And that I'll reread conversations over and over because I just worry about everything I've said. Or I want to relive it if it went well -- reading it over and over again because I liked the feeling it gave me.

PRO: 

I'm wanting to tell her about this kind of thing, because I would like for her to understand me a bit better, and know how I think sometimes, especially since I don't think she understands anxiety in general.

CON:

I'm afraid she will think I'm crazy, or even worse, think that this is a passive-aggressive way of telling her that she needs to respond to messages faster and not ever leave a message hanging (which is REALLY needy and I don't want to put that kind of pressure on her).


-------------------------------------------------

This is just an example. In general, how do you tell people about your anxiety behaviours? How do you know whether you should tell or not?Telling people about anxiety behaviours...?I think when I get anxious, certain physical signs start to appear, and I'm afraid of them as my grandparents both died unexpectedly from cancer recently. I think this is causing the symptoms to appear in a cycle. They aren't easy to ignore, what can I do? I just can't seem to shake the idea that this could be cancer or something.Anticipating anxiety induced health symptoms like fuzzy head and twitching, what to do?I feel like I am always blaming others for what I do, if someone points something out about me that I did wrong I tend to react negatively and defensive. It's bringing me a lot of problems in my life along with my anxiety. I really wish that there was something a book,a video Idk I am desesperate sorry guys.How to take responsability of your own actions?I know they never wanted to hurt me... I brought that on myself. I isolated myself from my friends. My friends from. Church, school, camp I used to go to. And now I have this feeling of extreme loneliness. And I constantly break down randomly because I think that I won't ever get to hang out with people anymore because I've made mistakes that I regret. 
I need help emotionally and psychically. But I don't know how to go about it.


The attacks started in the summer.. I don't even know why. My heart rate increases and it gets hard to breath. And I'm always exhausted. I can barely sleep anymoreDo people really don't like me? Or is that my anxiety messing with my head?My anxiety seems to fluctuate depending on how full my "social bar" is.  If I am threatened with a detachment of a friend, family member, or significant other, then my anxiety skyrockets.  I have trouble sleeping in a room alone, especially when the darkness makes it feel more empty.  I get separation anxiety when I am separated from a person who is a regular in my life, especially a significant other.  I believe I am far too dependent on the presence of others to keep my anxiety at bay.  I am now on Effexor for anxiety/depression and I take hydroxyzine whenever I feel a surge of anxiety.  I also enjoy recreational drugs occasionally to help with severe cases.  I have an extremely hard time finding soothing activities because when I'm anxious, I can't concentrate on anything and it seems impossible to bring myself down from that.  I'm currently on a waiting list for a therapist and I'm eager to start therapy in hopes of learning more about controlling my anxiety.Does anyone else have anxiety that is triggered by loneliness?I hate that I do this, but if I don't hear from someone for a week or two I feel like they've forgotten about me or I don't matter anymore? How do other people deal with that? I then kind of act coldish when we do get back in contact for a little while. I just wish I could handle things better.Anxiety about how friends feel about you?I'm a 20 year college student. Can't afford marketplace insurance but not qualified for Medicare. I know I need to see a psych again but right now I'm SOL financially. My anxiety has been horrific and my seasonal depression has unfortunately came back. I feel hopeless and like I won't make it past the holidays without some help. I know I need help but can't afford itI'm a very anxious and high strung person, but in life or death/emergency situations I get an unbelievable zen. It's like the only time I can relax because there's no time to overthink. You can only act. Anyone else extremely relaxed in emergency situations?I live in the US and with the current situation in the election, I am terrified for the future of the country. Most every other nation already pretty much hates us, and I am petrified of the threat of any sort of war. This whole thing is completely fucked up and it scares me to no end. I've been seriously considering moving to a different country to get out while I can. I'm scared out of my mind.I'm scared for the futureI'm 20 and have been battling anxiety/panic attacks for months. I tried 10mg of Celexa and after a month it had no effect. Then 10mg of Lexapro, seemed to help me actually for like a month, then it didn't so they increased it to 15mg last week. 3 days later I was very depressed and had constant suicidal thoughts. I called my doctor after that lasted more than a day and he switched me to 100mg of Zoloft, currently on day 3 of that. 

However I still feel very depressed on top of the anxiety. I've lost interest in my hobbies though they are coming back a little. The constant thought of quitting my job is in my head, even though prior to last week I loved my job, I've been there for 9 months, and it was actually helping my anxiety. Now I dread going in and while I'm there I get pretty anxious (never happened before). They love me, the customers are great, and I'm a top seller AND I just got a small promotion. I just want to sleep all day and lie in bed. My appetite is horrible before 2pm (take the Zoloft at 10am ish) and my anxiety/depression is through the roof in the morning. 

Overall I am better than I was 2 weeks ago while on Lexapro, but i have also been taking .5mg of Ativan with the Zoloft because without it I wouldn't even have the energy to get out of bed. I'm finding myself not wanting to do anything at all and like I said just sleep. One of my biggest fears with anxiety was dropping out of school and work and becoming home bound and now with this depression I feel like that is my fate. 

I'm seeing my therapist monday but until then has anyone had any experience like this or anything that will help me get through this?Lexapro made me very depressed, got switched off of it, when does it stop?I had been, and still am, having panic attacks. Almost daily.. I'm happy.. ish(as much as I can be), but I'm miserable because I just cant *breathe*.. I know now that college really isn't for me, but I feel like I disappointed so many people.I dropped out of college because I couldnt make it..So lately I've been sneezing and feeling little sniffly, and then this morning I felt worse, with a sore/itchy throat, a general feeling of 'weakness'(you know that feeling in your body when you're sick), a pressure headache, more sneezing, and even more sniffly. Now my dad just felt my head and says it feels like I have a low fever.

Being a severe hypochondriac, it's really freaking me out. I'm mainly afraid that my fever will progress to the point of deliriousness(and I'm very afraid of it progressing a lot overnight while I'm asleep, so I'm too afraid to go to sleep). I'm also afraid that it's the flu(or worse) and not just a cold, and I'll get worse and worse and maybe have to end up in a hospital. I don't have any tylenol to reduce the fever(but even if I did I wouldn't take it because I'm afraid of the effects on my liver) and IIRC Ibuprofen isn't good at reducing fevers.

What should I do? Is there anyway to make myself feel better tonight? How should I reduce the fever? How do I stop it from progressing? And most fitting for this subreddit, how do I calm down?Hypochondriac and sick with a fever.Long story short, we met 2-3 months ago and we used to talk a lot and have fun, but she has depression and anxiety, and we barely talk now. I worry that she's not doing okay and that something bad might happen and it scares the shit out of me. Our relationship is kinda complicated, and I keep having doubts about why she doesn't talk to me for days at a time. She got a job and so she works a lot and tires easily so that's the main reason why we don't talk as much, but still, going just 2 days without hearing from her and I start freaking out. It's been 4 days since I last heard from her.I keep freaking out about a friendAnd I laugh because that's how I'm feeling without them. 

No peaks? I haven't hit a peak in probably 5 years. I'm from a well off family - my parents take me to amazing places and all I want to do is sleep or stare at my phone to take my mind off the fact that the closest doctor is an hour by plane. We chartered a $7million viking for 2 weeks in the exumas and all I remember thinking is, "I really should be enjoying this." I caught a massive fucking sailfish while not even trolling for sailfish, which is a big deal, and while I'm posing for the picture I'm not stoked AT ALL. I don't care. I wish I did. I fucking love fishing. I've watched youtube videos dreaming of the day I fight a billfish. Why don't I care? My family is amazing, which makes it worse because I feel like I'm bringing them down. 

No motivation/drive?

My sleep schedule is literally inverted because I can never get out of bed so I end up sleeping until my bladder won't let me. Today I went to sleep at 7am and woke up at 5pm. Everytime I try to fix it I get too anxious because of lack of sleep. I'm withdrawing from my classes. I literally have 0 interest in anything that isn't a tool to distract my mind - I play Xbox with reddit open on my phone and adventure time playing on my computer. I mustered up enough drive to get me through junior year of my EE degree and now all the caffeine and long nights are taking their revenge. Give and take. 

Not having as much fun around friends?  

I've begun to isolate myself so my friends don't see me have a panic attack. I start acting weird and people wonder why I stop talking and leave all of a sudden. Not to mention the fucked sleep schedule. Oh and alcohol has started giving me heart palpitations. I haven't seen any friends in probably 2 weeks. 

I said my family was amazing but they deal with stuff like this by not thinking about it. I've been asking for help getting this figured out for 2 weeks and all I've gained is a bottle of childrens benadryl to help me sleep. I don't know what to do. I need to fix my sleep schedule so I can actually make appointments. 

I spend 12 hours of my day alone in my house while everyone is sleeping thinking about how fucked up this is. I love working out and it always helps my mood/anxiety but I'm terrified of heart problems recently. My mom decided to let me know that my dad has a heart defect while I was in the middle of a panic attack at 4am. 


The only true enjoyment I've felt in the past 5 years has been in relationships. But that's because I get kind of manic. And then it wears off but I need more so it turns into a thing of, "lets make her hate me so I can win back her affection and be super happy about it." Which makes me an asshole. So I've started blowing off girls because what's the point. 

So yeah, fuck it. If I can get rid of half of this I'll be happy with meds. People tell try to dissuade me from meds by telling me how "void" and "grey" they made them feel and how much it sucksI'm supposed to go visit my brother at college tomorrow - which is a 6 hour drive away. I'm absolutely terrified of the drive and getting sick (my anxiety often manifests in stomachaches, nausea, etc) because I got insanely sick the entire drive there and back last time we went. I get sick every morning and afternoon when I have to drive back and forth to work - I don't know how I'm supposed to handle this. 

I know I shouldn't ask what I should do, if I should stay home or go, but does anyone have any kind of advice? Meditation techniques? Words of wisdom? I've been sick all week thinking about this and now I'm not sure if I can even handle the trip even though I miss him more than anything. 

Thank you. Terrified &amp; it may make me miss seeing my brotherLissajous Curve - Calming gif (x-post /r/oddlySatisfying)I (33f) am married to "Jeff" (31m).  He has bi polar disorder among several other mentall disorders.  I suffer from GAD, OCD and I am a hypochondriac.  I have been working insanely hard for 8 years on it all,especially the hypochondriasm because the medical bills get to be too much.  Well we have been married 1 year, and needless to say things have been rocky.  One thing he does that really hurts is he says rude comments about my hypochondriasm.  For example, tonight was the 2nd night in a row I used an at home enema for being backed up for 5 days now, and due to how it could really dehydrate me I told him I wanted to go get a Gatorade to replenish my electrolytes.  Immediatly he got cocky and said "Really? Gatorade? What do you think people did before Gatorade was around."  He said it very rude.  He made me feel like an idiot for taking precautions.  Keep in mind I don't do this with everything and have come leaps and bounds from where I was even just a year ago.

I don't ever put him down for the special things he needs to do for his mental issues, which include needing quiet sometimes (hes sensative to loud sounds) and going and basically hiding in the pc room away from everything. I would never put him down about what he needs to feel ok with mental disorders, yet he does it with me.  IF my anxiety cannot be controlled and I end up going to a dr or the ER, he gets very upset and makes me feel bad.  

What do I do?  I feel so hurt.Loved one rude about my mental illnessIt sucks. I can't focus on my midterm because of anxiety that my Anxiety will stop me from doing well.Hey there folks, I read some recent information that I believe is really helpful and relieving to us all, that have been struggling in the anxiety cycle, ever since our first panic attack. 

I highly recommend you read this information through, it really helps understand why our body had this, what it is, how it causes no physical harm, how it is a response to stress, and how calming yourself along with your body, will eventually bring these symptoms to an end! Enjoy folks! :)


Link:


http://www.anxietycentre.com/anxiety-attack-symptoms.shtml

what is an anxiety attack, why did you have it, and how to get rid of it?Any tips on how to decrease anxiety quickly? im trying listening to calming music but it isnt helping this time. I made the mistake of drinking a lot of caffeine today to help me with my fatigue so I could study, but the anxiety is making me unable to study also :(My anxiety is making me unable to concentrate/study. What can i do?My friends and family worry that I might kill my self. But, It hard for me too. I'm 21 years old and I have been bullyied for 10 years. I also suffered a lot from cyberbullying and worst of all I feel most people I have talked to hates me. I don't understand why. I always been a good person. My friends and family thinks I'm good, smart and emotional person. But, It feels like 80% of people I met hates or doesn't like me and it breaks my heart just to think about it. I have done nothing wrong. I don't know what to do. I admit that I thought about killing my self for a long time. Would the world be better without me?would the world be better without Me?Warning: this is going to be a very long, very detailed wall of text. Please keep that in mind. 

I feel like I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder and also mental illness specific hypochondria. My manifestation of my anxiety was last April. My best friend (now queerplatonic partner) was upset about something and I was trying to help him but my phone was acting up. Then I started to panic. A few minutes later my phone was working and when I sent him messages he wasn't responding right away. Then I panicked even more, thinking that I did something wrong or made him mad. Even after he responded and assured me I didn't do anything wrong or did anything to make him mad. It's been like that ever since then. Things got worse in October of last year. I started To get thoughts that I wanted to leave my QPP, then spiteful thoughts about people I saw at school. And it gets worse from there. When I would help clean the house and would have to carry a spray bottle of something and I'd see my dog I would think that i wanted to spray her in the face with it and it would make me nervous thinking about it. I didn't do it obviously but that's something that never occurred until last year. And then I would get overly sexual thoughts (involving my QPP) and I'd feel incredibly guilty about it. I constantly thought that my QPP didn't love me anymore or loved someone else more to the point of thinking that he was QPPs with someone else behind my back. Thinking about that kept me up all night and caused me so much distress. And now I've been getting thoughts about harming other people. Hurting my parents. Wanting to harm people I didn't like. I might not like someone but I don't want to harm them. I've thought about walking in front of a school bus while walking home sometimes but I never did it. It just scared me. I hate it so much and no matter what I do these thoughts come back and i obsess over them without end. It's gotten to the point where I can't enjoy myself. 

And near the end of August this year, I made myself go into a fit of distress in panic after becoming friends with someone who has DID (dissociative identity disorder). For some reason I just would remember the posts they would make and my stomach was hurting when it happened so I thought when they said "our stomach hurts". They're part of a DID system so then I started to freak out thinking I was part of a DID system or had DID. It was horrible. I was sleep deprived and nervous. I've never expressed symptoms of DID before. I've done my research and DID manifests at childhood due to extreme trauma such as sexual abuse. And then I remembered how one of my friends thinks they have schizophrenia and remembered them saying "I talked to my parents about the voices" and then I started to think I was schizophrenic and had voices in my head even though I have no symptoms of schizophrenia or even have voices in my head. And about 2/3 weeks ago i woke up feeling really bad because I was extremely stressed out about everything that was going on (dad being deployed, anxiety regarding mental health) and I got some suicidal thoughts.I thought about harming myself or planning a suicide date. I won't do that I promise but. I just felt so bad. Last week or two weeks ago I was in distress too because of what was going on with Bella and still freaking out over my mental health. I would obsess over those thoughts I think and I would get an urge but. I would never act upon that urge. And also at school or when I woke up I thought about my friend who said they might have schizophrenia and when they once said "I talked to my parents about the voices" and then I started to think I had voices in my head whispering all day and it freaked me out even though I've never expressed symptoms of schizophrenia beforehand. I remember looking on the newsstand app and someone made an app as a network for those who have schizophrenia and I remembered reading it and the person said they got thoughts that went "they don't love you" and THEN I started to think that too even though I don't/didn't express symptoms beforehand. And that article I read was from months ago. I should also add that I woke up nervous after a dream where one of my friends made a post on twitter saying "I have conscious control over 3 emos in my head and I need to talk about it". When I freaked out when I thought I had DID I should also add it caused me so much distress that it made me so nervous I couldn't sleep. I remember being really sleep deprived and having weird dreams when the DID scare happened and it was just. Bad and I think I heard some things that weren't there but I think it was because of sleep deprivation. I've been so stressed out the entire month of September and I ended up panicking and had an identity crisis last week which I think occurred because of something that I saw which made me nervous. It sucks because before that I was comfortable with my identity. I woke up incredibly anxious today and had a dream or something while sleep deprived thinking that I identified as a "dark toned nazi" and I'm terrified. Why would I think something like that? This isn't what I want. I'm not even dark skinned. I'm not a terrible person. When the DID scare happened I was scared to look at my reflection in the mirror or take pictures of myself on my phone. And after my identity crisis I can't comfort myself by thinking of my QPP and I because it makes me panic. Everything is making me so nervous and fragile. My QPP has never dealt with this and it's so hard for him too. I kept him up late just talking about what I was nervous and it was so bad. He had work the next morning. He was overwhelmed. I was overwhelmed. I was skyping with my QPP and we were talking about a person and I looked the person up on Wikipedia and it said they had gender identity disorder and seeing that made me nervous. I was sleep deprived and kept doubting memories I had as a kid thinking I had amnesia. I hate all of this so much. So much stress is piling onto me.I don't want to go deep into the identity crisis i had but that's giving me stress too, although I know to follow my feelings identity wise. But I started freaking out again when I was watching a video about Pok mon two weeks ago. The person who has DID is fictionkin with legendary Pok mon which are considered god-like or gods. The Pok mon that I had thought was "me" today was a legendary Pok mon. I then started to think I was having a "kin shift" and parts of my body started to feel weird. My lower back felt funny and I keep thinking there's a tail or something but there isn't. I mentioned the person who I know that has DID has delusions they're a type of god and I had started to THINK I was having delusions. However for some reason I was calmed? When I thought it was "me@ as if it were a comforting character but I don't know. It's stressing me out even more. I've gone to multiple forums and have gotten no responses other than one where the person said that I may have GAD but not the other things I specified. And that I am picking up on every little thing and making issues out of them. I don't know. I should also add the person who has DID is kin with Arceus, the literal Pok mon God and said they have delusions of being a god and is kin with another godlike dragon Pok mon, Reshiram. I also talked to some people I trusted about all of this and they both have mental illness. One person's mother works with those who are mentally ill and talking to them about it they thought I may have GAD, hypochondria, and/or Pure-O OCD. The other person suggested I may have generalized anxiety. PS: Bella is my dog and at the beginning of September she got hurt and I was really nervous something bad happened to her. She's okay now though. 

I recently used the Crisis Text Line for advice and the people I spoke to gave me phone numbers to call. But the problem is, I cannot call them because they'll appear on the phone bill. I cannot go to a therapist because my mom refuses to take me to one. She even refuses to let me go to my school counselor. Last time I went to my school counselor, I was in 8th grade. I was discussing my intrusive thoughts to the counselor and he ended up telling my mom. 

My mom was angry and said if i go to the counselor again, she will take my phone. She'll take my phone and I'll never get it back, losing all forms of communication with everyone. Two nights ago while I was talking to the crisis counselor on the crisis text line I mentioned how I got thoughts about s******. (I was retelling a shortened but detailed version of what I posted on mental health forums) But they didn't come when I was going through stress, it happened when I was on my way to New York City 2 days before school started. It was a fun trip, but I was scared because of a thought I got. 

I was listening to the song Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen and since I'm an aspiring animator, I imagine little music videos to songs I listen to. So I was imagining a music video thing for Born to run. One of the lines in the song is "suicide machines". I imagined a close up of Bruce Springsteen's eye and in the reflection of his eye would be weapons like guns, tanks, and a noose. Then after seeing that I started to imagine myself being hung from the noose. I got nervous and panicked but I didn't let it mull over in my head until school started. I am now a high school freshman. 

On the first day of school I saw that a kid I had a crush on last year, who pretended I didn't exist after I gave him a plush and Japanese candy on Valentine's Day weekend, is in my global studies class. I was freaking out and imagined myself texting my friend "I'm gonna off myself *kids name* is in my global class" and I thought that as a joke, it was self depreciation. Then for some reason I got a tingly feeling and then I started to feel like I was being serious. After that I kept thinking about harming myself. One example was walking up the flights of stairs in the high school. I imagined throwing myself off of it. But I didn't do it. After I started thinking like that whenever a teacher or person mentioned the future I would think "I'll be dead in the future". This happened when Bella, my dog got hurt so more stress was piled onto me. 

I should also mention that my anxiety was so bad I ended up having an identity crisis. And after that I've had feelings of dysphoria and then I'd think about harming myself and that i would be happy if I died. One thought I got when I was trying to figure out my identity was that i was feeling gendervoid, but I'll only feel comfortable if I literally am a void, alluding to suicide. When my anxiety manifested I wasn't suicidal, but I remember one day in the winter time I felt really bad. I randomly thought that I would be better off dead. I felt terrible for the rest of the day after thinking that because I was scared to tell someone, whether it was my QPP or my friends. I did tell my QPP though and that was it. The crisis counselor asked if I had any planned method of s****** and I didn't know how to respond. They also asked if I considered myself s******** but I didn't know how to answer that. 

When they asked if I had a planned method of suicide I mentally said "yes". I remember getting thoughts about planning a s******* date and a plan on how to do so. But if I can remember I would forget about those thoughts after being distracted from doing something in school. I've never harmed myself ever and I don't plan on doing so. I got urges but I never acted upon them. But what I'm scared is that I feel like when I had feelings of dysphoria I felt happy thinking about harming myself and offing myself. And that it was calming to me. I don't know. I get in a bad mindset all the time when I bring up the harmful thoughts I get when going to the forums sometimes and then all I can think about is self destructive and suicidal thoughts. 

And when I do I get this feeling around my lips. It feels like a smile but when I look in the mirror it's just a neutral look. I don't know what that means. Now I'm thinking of harmful/suicidal thoughts and feel happy for thinking those things. I tried to enjoy myself last night because I was spending time with my sisters but I still kept thinking about it. On social media, seeing self depreciative jokes about suicide made me uncomfortable but now when I look at them they make me happy. But I still get a slight feeling of unease. I didn't harm myself and I won't harm myself. 

I just don't know what's happening now. Am I suicidal? Depressed? Anxiety? The crisis counselor said it could be anxiety but after that I thought "I'm actually a suicidal person who is using anxiety as a cover" but I wasn't suicidal when my anxiety first manifested. And I promise I won't harm myself. I'm able to distract myself from those thoughts. Overall, I just feel hopeless. I can't call a number because it'll be on my phone bill. I can't go to a support group because none of them are close by and you have to pay for them. 

I confide in my QPP regarding this but he's never dealt with someone, especially someone he is close to (me) who has a mental illness. So he gets overwhelmed. He doesn't know how to help. He wants to help but he doesn't know how. I feel like he isn't supportive even though he's trying so hard to be. He also has anger issues so he lashed out sometimes because the situation is overwhelming. I got no help at all from one of my close friends in real life, who is a senior at the high school I go to. She just dismissed it as "just intrusive thoughts" and I couldn't help but feel mad at her because she was of minimal help. I don't know what to do anymore. 

I have links for breathing exercises and self help guides but even I don't look at them when I need to. I don't have the energy or motivation to do so. Is it because I'm depressed too? Adding onto the person who has DID that has delusions theyre a god, they have an alter that uses one/ones pronouns as if they are royalty and then I started to think that i was a god/like royalty. It's very stressful. I feel hopeless and I just want to get the help I need already.

I had the worst night ever 3 days ago. I saw something that I didn't want to see and it caused me great distress. I'm questioning my gender at the moment and am dealing with intense amounts of anxiety. The post I saw was someone's response to someone saying on mental health day "being transgender is not a mental illness" and the person responded with it saying it's stupid. I started to panic because I felt bad for seeing that. I've been told that being trans is not a mental illness and seeing that hurt me. I felt so nauseous and sick. Even worse, my QPP wasnt any help and misread everything I said. He thought I was involved in friend drama but I wasn't. He got mad at me and said i was getting upset over something that shouldn't upset me. He wasn't helping me calm down. I felt alone and helpless. He's been dealing with a lot too and he wanted space but I kept pestering him. We argued and it made me feel even worse. I felt so bad that my body was shaking. I felt dizzy. I vented to someone about it and they said that being trans is not a mental illness and tried to comfort myself enough to fall asleep repeating their words in my head. Then I started to think I had a personality split and had a member system because I imagined myself talking to my QPP about it once everything blew over and then for some reason my voice sounded robotic. Then I started to think "I'm ciara and I'm their alter and it's been bothering me since then. I should add that I've been around someone who has DID beforehand and my anxiety worsened because I started to think I had DID. Even worse one of my friends was talking about rick and morty and I realized my voice kinda sounds like Morty's so I told them and then I thought that I should change my name to Morty/Mortimer and that made me feel good. But then I started to think I was a fictive of Morty from rick and Morty. None of this has happened before and I don't know if it's because of my anxiety. Please help. 

I've submitted all of those things to forums over the span of a month. The last part before this was made today. I have come forward for help from my school counselor but there's still more to be done. I feel so stressed and panicked. I need others input. 
Feeling helpless. Need input (TW: mentions of self harm, suicide)My family sometimes does things that cause huge anxiety spikes that put me in pain for HOURS. I can't ask them not to when I'm present because they get pissed. Anyone else have this problem?Hi, I recently moved across the country with my boyfriend and it's been affecting me more than I expected it to. I've always had anxiety issues, but ever since moving it's really been a constant struggle. Just hours and hours a day being stuck in my head, with horrible thoughts putting me down. It's manifested itself in a lot of stress-related health issues, and overall it has me feeling paralyzed in negativity. Most good or neutral thoughts keep suddenly come crashing down into putting me into a negative slump that's increasingly harder to try to get out of. I haven't been able to be very productive or be a supportive partner, and have felt like the worst form of myself. 

Have any of y'all experienced this? Is this something that will get better as I adjust to all the changes? Is there anything I can do to help -- ie counselling, relaxation techniques? Thank you. Anxiety after moving across the country?Oh look, another weekend to myself.Flying drones has helped my anxiety considerablyI graduated from a trade school last May and ever since then, I've been trying so damn hard to find consistent work. I've only gotten a five professional gigs, this entire year. If it weren't for my dad giving me a few bucks every now and then, I'd be  broke and homeless. But now my dad is really pressuring me to find work, but it's not like a job will appear out of thin air. I think he's getting to the point where he's fed up of still providing for his 22 year failure of a fucking disgrace. 


All of the professional gigs I've gotten was because I've been cold calling editors from various magazines. It was months before I got work from either of them. In the mean time when I'm not desperately looking for jobs, I work very damn hard updating my portfolio with new and better work. It's not easy; I've had to sacrifice living like a normal person just for the hope of getting a job. I don't have any friends where I live, I couldn't "celebrate" my birthday or have fun on holidays because I'm always at my computer working. I live with depression and anxiety, which is tough. My depression tells me that I'm worthless and will never amount to anything, so why bother trying? My anxiety tells me that If I don't go draw or paint, I'm going to die alone, without ever being successful; no one wants to be with a fucking loser. 


I've tried and I've tried. I personally think that since I'm always working that I've gotten better. I know for a fact that I have something to offer these magazines, so why don't they give me a damn chance?  Last Friday I finally got an email from an art director and a very big magazine, that's I've been cold calling for an an entire year. You know what he wrote? He wrote "Please remove from your mailing list. Thanks!" After a YEAR of trying to get into contact with guy, that was all he had to say. He didn't even bother to look at my portfolio.



I don't know, man. This has me so worried that all of the other people I've been sending out emails to have just blocked me, which is why I don't hear back from anyone. I'm so damn hurt and terrified that that was my last chance. Now that a week has gone by and I've still not heard from anyone, I'm worried that I'm no longer going to get work. I've tried looking for part time jobs, since I've been hear, but nothing. I had exactly one interview which was last December. Never heard back. 



This entire week was so difficult for me to produce any work, to sleep, to get out of bed, to just feel like a person. I've  been feeling so damn angry these past few days, too. I've had incredibly violent thoughts of killing myself. It seems like that's what's gonna up happening to me because I have absolutely no other alternative. 



I don't know what to do anymore. Ive tried so damn hard, but it was for nothing. I'm a failure.
Nothing is going right for me no matter how hard I try. I think last week was my breaking point.I was just given this to take 0.25 once in the morning and once at night.  I used to take 0.5 of ativan everyday before school, but my psychiatrist didn't want me to become dependent, so she gave me klonipin.
My questions are: 
1) will it start working immediatly? 
2) what are side effects? Are there any side effects to klonipin and does it work well?I'd say about 80 percent of the time I'm completely fine in social situations and can generally say what's on my mind. However, like clockwork, there will come stretches of time where I'm anxious or nervous in certain situations. For instance, I can go to the grocery store most days, make small talk with the cashier and everything is totally fine. Other days I'm incredibly anxious and it's almost a task just to make eye contact with the person behind the register. Likewise, most of the time I can go on a date where I can be myself and be totally open, but then other times I find that I'm anxious. Even with friends I talk to every day, it seems like there's sometimes this intense anxiety that shows up for no reason. I may go 3 months without feeling anxious in these situations, and then suddenly I'm a nervous wreck for a couple weeks. Then, I wake up and everything's back to normal again and the nerves are gone. It's frustrating not knowing when the anxiety will come or how long it will stay, so I'd really like to discover if there's some sort of trigger to this anxiety that I'm completely unaware of. Has anyone else experienced this sort of thing, and if so, were you ever able to determine the root cause of the anxiety that seems to show up out of the blue and without warning? Does Anyone else Experience Anxiety That Seems Completely Intermittent And Without Warning, and if so, did you ever find the root cause?Whenever I'm in a situation where I'm "forced" to talk to people because of, for example, work/school related things or do public speaking I have no problem doing so.

Like today in university we had a seminar where we were divided into groups and had to discuss a certain topic and do a few tasks. I had no problem talking to anyone, in fact I was one of the most talkative people in our group, and I was the one who presented our work afterwards. After the seminar ended though I did not say a single word to anyone and just went home.

I just cannot start a conversation with anyone without feeling like I'm wasting their time or that they don't want to ralk to me. I also have no clue what I would even say to someone, I'm horrible at small talk and finding things to talk about. It also seems like almost no one ever tries to start talking to me. Maybe I'm unapproachable or intimidating? I don't even know.

I have no idea how I even managed to make any friends as a kid but nowadays I've cut ties with them so I don't have any friends anymore.

What is wrong with me? Why am I like this? Is this even anxiety or some degree or autism? I just don't know who to talk to about this.I don't know why I can't talk to people casually.I'm sharing this because I'm a tad drunk but extremely happy with my realisation and I hope it inspires people who feel awful.
For some context I've struggled for depression and anxiety a good ten years and have ended up in hospital a couple of times from suicide attempts. I've got to the end of my tether the past year (not long after my last attempt) and decided to move to Canada on a working holiday visa.
The initial elation of actually getting a visa to work in March quickly subsided and I've been really trying to find some motivation. I'd like to say I'm really excited as I'm going on the 17th November from the UK but I've had a complete lack of emotions recently. Anywayyy. 
Today, at therapy we came to an understanding that so much of my anxiety is because I'm doing th completely wrong thing for me; been doing IT for years because my parents thought it was the safe and easy path because I'm good at it but all along its been the arts that I love and not fully realised.
I'm in two bands in my spare time and I really want to act but my constant shoulder pal tells me it's ridiculous and not to bother. My therapist gave me some clarity today and told me that of course I should bother because clearly the 9-5 life is not for me and a lot of my anxiety stems from all the creative energy that I don't let out. 
I recorded an acoustic song about anxiety with my friend earlier and I'm going to try and do a song a day (no matter how shit)  and upload it to somewhere as a record. I'm going off on a huge tangent here so I'll stop. 
Love to everyone on this subreddit. I know it's difficult but just keep trying. Those moments of happiness are worth it and they'll come more and more the better you understand yourself.So I had a breakthrough todayI have social anxiety and I just got the first full-time job in my life, after months of struggling with anxiety. I will be working as a pharmacy technician in a closed door pharmacy. I'm very grateful for this opportunity and the pharmacist believes that I will be good at the job.

My anxiety has been really high since I accepted the job and I'm starting to become a little physically ill. I was very excited for this job, but now I'm terrified. Does anyone else feel this way? If so, how do you cope with it?First full-time job anxietyI have started to get really nervous for tests (I'm in high school) and it's before, during, and sometimes after the test until I get the results. I "blank out" on them and I don't know how to prevent that. I've heard to slow it down, but some of them are timed where you have to work fast which makes me even more anxious. Also, I'll feel nauseous pretty often before tests and have thrown up a few times. 

I'm an all A student and now I guess it's just frustrating because I'm getting low scores on tests and it's bringing down my grade when I understand the material beforehand. Then after I'll look back and wonder why I put some answers and miss some that are pretty obvious. And I study so much too and still do pretty bad. I'll stay up almost all night studying (which I know isn't the best lol) but I still just get so nervous. It brought down one of my grades to a low B and if it happens on the next one, then I'll be at a C (which I I'm freaking out over a B right now... so I can't get a C) 

Anyway, I have a lot of tests next week and any advice would be great :)Test AnxietyPlease, write here if you wanted to write a post but couldn't pluck up the courage or felt like it wasn't important enough. It's always important. Even if you've had a bad day and just want to vent.. Go ahead. I'm asking. I care. Is everyone doing okay?Hi all! I'm new to this but I'm not sure if anyone around me understands how I feel. My husband and I are trying to have a child and I've been very anxious about it. I've become impatient and have been testing for pregnancy every day. I had a positive result, though faint, on Wednesday and Thursday. Today, it was negative and it's the day of my missed period. I was so distraught I cried for three hours, went into work, told my boss what was happening and was sent home. Now, I feel anxious because I feel like I overreacted, especially because I still haven't had my period and I'm driving my friends and family nuts. I'm surprised my husband still wants to talk to me. I've only been married a few months. 

On top of this, I'm nervous my job will cut me to part time and I'm just anxious about everything in general. I obsessed way too much and missed a day of work, just to sleep for three hours, realize I'm okay and feel stupid. I'm really hating myself right now.

I just need to feel like I'm not stupid for crying so much I couldn't work. I'm ashamed of myself.Needing some advice - first time here, Need to ventI suffer from social anxiety and have kinda got a control over it just from having it my whole life but I was wondering if this also is anxiety...just nt negative.

There are times I just get anxious but more in a positive excited way, but over nothing. its similar to the negative in that sometimes it doesn't need to be triggered by something it's just a sudden excitement and I'm just more active and restless cause of it but I don't have a release for it really cause there's nothing that relieves it besides just time..

Also wondering if others go through this.Does anyone here ever get anxiety that isn't attached with negative emotions?Hello again /r/anxiety.
The more dedicated readers amongst you might remember my post a little while back about being on the cusp of a breakdown. Well the breakdown happened (twice), but nothing major is broken and I'm doing OK. In other words, thanks for your help - you made this a hurdle, not a mountain.

Anyway, on to the point, do any of you folks find offhand comments your parents/other people replay in you head when you're anxious. I'll give an example. My parents always condemn certain personality types as weirdos/idiots - young people with religious beliefs, people who have more than two pets, people with unusual hobbies (like fountain pens) etc. - and by extension I find it really hard to feel good about socializing with people (I have social anxiety, so this is a triumph), as most of the people I get along with fall into this category. For example, I was recently talking about joining a drama group to try to beat my social anxiety and find some like minded friends - my dad replied "what, a bunch of weirdos [to hang around with]?". Another example would be when my parents asked what my girlfriend's roommates are like after I came back from visiting her at university (holy hell was that scary). Upon learning that one of the girls was Christian, my dad labeled her a "crank".

What gets to me is that I know these beliefs aren't at all valid, but they still really kill my confidence. Every time I get a new hobby or find some clothes that I like, or talk to a new person in class I have their bigoted views echoing in my head. Fountain pens are "weird", these jeans "look gay", what I talk about is "boring" etc. Instead of walking up to someone and feeling a bit anxious about talking to them, I feel anxious about talking to them AND like some weird loser which no-one wants to hang around with.

I just feel like if I had a friend or two that accept who I really am, it really wouldn't matter if other people don't 'get it'. The catch-22 is its hard to make friends that accept you and like you, when you don't accept nor like yourself. I can't even dance badly on my own, or watch certain shows, or dress a certain way without my parents' and old school bullies' voices making me feel like crap.

Anyway, does anyone else here feel like this is the main issue in getting over their (social) anxiety? Have any of you conquered this?

Thanks!Does anyone else have trouble with parents' offhand comments becoming the 'voice' of your anxiety?So, I've been reading this sub for some time, but I didn't find my answer yet, so I created an account and I'll ask myself.

Everyday I try to say to myself that I don't suffer from anxiety or depression, but it is limiting my life, especially my social life. And I don't know if this I should seek medical help or not. 


I panic for everything that I have to do, I just want to be alone all the time. If my friend invites me to hang out, I say yes, but when it comes the time, I just want to stay home, and if I go, I just feel sick, I can't drink or eat anything because I just want to throw up. Or when somebody talks to me, when people not so close to me give me some attention and look at me, I just turn red and feel embarrassed, my heart goes from 0 to 100 in a beat.

At college, my attention span is very little too, and on an everyday life I can't remember some stuff that I should remember, that other people remember.

It's important to say that my mom have chronic depression. I always felt some of this things but lately (last 3 or 4 years) it became more deep, it was since I entered college, and I'm afraid to seek medical help because I don't want to be constantly 'drugged' or feel nothing, like I saw other people here saying how they feel.

What should I do? Should I worry about this?
Should i seek medical help?Hello, I just wanted to investigate a concern I've had with my wife that suffers from depression and anxiety for a very long time. 


She has grown very accustomed to smoking pot frequently after work and over the weekends, because she's fearing the next day of work. This temporarily puts her in a good mood,  but at what cost?  She is a teacher which is a difficult job, especially when dealing with anxiety and depression. She is very fearful about what other people think, her job performance, and the bulk of work. Some mornings she can't manage to get ready without breaking down in tears, her heart racing and feeling like she can't breathe. I help her through and talk her back into a calmer state where she will push through and get ready. 


She has been on antidepressants and her dosage was recently increased by her doctor. Her doctor is not aware of her use of marijuana, which it seems can null the effect of antidepressants. 


We made an agreement to take a break with her smoking to see if her increased dosage will help her,  which she has been doing a little better,  but she's also on fall break. 


Anyways,  im just curious if anyone has experienced a similar situation and if it has helped them with their anxiety and depression. 


Thank you for any help you can provide me. Question concerning my wifeWhenever I'm doing something or talking with someone , there's this sudden feeling of someone's standing next to me or some animal like a cat or something  running at a distance is occurring to me and its too often .its kinda like something's moving quick and gives me a sudden jerk . I had to try calm down every time this happens .is this because if anxiety or something else Sudden movements around for no reasonI think this might be related to my anxiety. A little background... I've had GAD since I was a kid, and I now have a 9 month old son. I noticed after he was born my anxiety got exponentially worse which of course I understand happens, because hormones and the sudden stress of a tiny life totally dependent on you. I've been in therapy and considering medication but have yet to find one I'm able to take.

I'm a stay at home mom right now except for a few hours a week, and lately I've been terrified about a fire in my house. We have electric heat and lots of electronics with cords all over, so I'm always thinking of that. I obsessively check things before leaving my house. When I'm home, I swear I see smoke and a lot of the time I smell it too. It could be my eyes (I wear glasses and am due for an exam next month) or the fact that I'm SO TIRED (my kid does not sleep through the night and often not more than a couple hours at a time, and when I do work it's late at night into the early morning), but it always looks hazy in my house.

I try to talk myself through it and list off the logical things; I check the cords behind the tv, make sure the heat is off, the oven is off, check all the electrical outlets, the smoke detectors.... even tell myself it could be the way the light comes into our front room through the French doors. I walk around the outside of my house looking for a source and check the dryer vents. Once I know I'm not seeing smoke, I can try and relax, but lately I can SMELL it and it's making me crazy. I go outside and get some fresh air, come back in, and it smells normal, but eventually it comes back and I start over.

I'm going to mention it to my med nurse at my next appointment but I'm wondering if anyone else has dealt with this? It's a brand new thing for me in the 18 years I've dealt with anxiety.Smelling smoke?Does anyone else have trouble even sitting? I feel like I'm always pacing and can't relax and when I do sit I feel like I need to move, even eating I stand sometimes. Any help on how to get better?SittingI had an appointment today to get a temp refill for Xanax until I can get into see my psychiatrist. The doctor I saw (wasn't my GP as she was unavailable) told me that the psychiatrist will surely take me off Xanax, so to prepare myself for that. He lowered the dosage from .5 to .25 and gave me 5 pills instead of 10. (My appointment for the psychiatrist is in 2 weeks) this is highly upsetting to me because I told him for a month or so now I am stuck in a state of panic and the .5 were barely enough to help me sleep let alone relax me. He wants me to try Clonodine and gave me 60 pills. He said that i will have to take it twice a day and it will make me really sleepy. This upsets me more because 1. I am not familiar with this medication 2. I also told him I have children, one who's a toddler and needs me to be alert and on point because she is getting into everything 3. Knowing that it'll make me that out of it makes me even more anxious to take it. Any new meds make me nervous because I always think I'll get all the side effect. So now, the anxiety that I was feeling is immensely worse.

I feel embarrassed and almost ashamed. He came off as lowering my dosage and switching pills because he thought I was phishing, which is another reason why I put off help, because of that stigma of medications and addiction. 

So I get home and I google this new med, as I always do because of the anxiety, and it says it is a blood pressure medication and also prescribed for ADHD. I am so confused!

Possibly switching meds and lowering/upping dosages is why I am going to see a psychiatrist in the first place, why would this doctor I've never seen change everything with hardly listening to what I have to say about it? 

Has anyone else been given Clonidine in place of Xanax? Does it work? Is it helpful? I am so upset right now. I feel very brushed off and am starting to second guess the entire treatment plan now. I almost feel violated. If he didn't want to refill my script that is fine, I wouldn't have been all that upset, but to completely switch everything around after only saying hi to me? That makes me feel violated because he didn't ask my feelings on it. I don't really like taking pills and prefer to stick with what I know. I need to be prepped for a switch. I need to know pros and cons and WHY it would be a better option. I want to be involved, not told. Ugh! I am just so upset! I feel like I waisted my whole morning for nothing. Does/has any one taken clonidine?Hey guys! Just wondering -- I think someone posted a mindfulness worksheet in the Newcomers Thread last week that I wanted to print out but unfortunately I can't seem to find it anymore. 

It was 7 columns and had a column for describing and rating bodily sensations on a scale of 1-10. 

If anyone knows what I'm talking about that would be awesome -- the format looked very useful! Thanks!Looking for Anxiety worksheet Posted in Last Week's newcomers threadPeople are so stressed by this election that the American Psychological Association has coping tipsMy chest feels like there's a giant hand inside it clutching my heart, lungs, and esophagus. All the bones in my torso ache no matter how I breathe or lay down. I don't even know what I'm anxious about but it happens all the time and can last for days on end. I don't know what to do to help it. I can't sleep at night. 

What helps you when your anxiety manifests itself physically? remedies for physical manifestations of anxiety?For the past year ive been obsessed with reminding myself daily of the mortality of my parents and crying daily because of it. I miss my mother severely and extremely even when she is RIGHT NEXT TO ME. Even when I am enjoying myself doing something with my mother I will suddenly feel very sad at this short lived moment of happiness and will start crying in front of her which makes her angry. I want to keep hugging and kissing my mother or touching her trying desperately to remember it but my mother hates physical contact. Im cryingand gasping at night imagining life with my mother no longer around I just cried so hard and loud I couldnt breathe all I can think about is this intense aching missing for my mother even though she is stillhere. Im getting migraines worrying myselfabout it. And I am crying daily. In two years I am moving to another country to study I dont want it to happen I dont want to be away fron my mothet I dont want to grow up and have my own family and kids I will never love them as much as I love my.mother I cang stop getting panic attacks because of it but my mother will also not let.me get treatment.. Im in the middle.of my very important national exams help hoa to stop this naturallyPANIC ATTACKS DAILY MISSING MY MOTHERI use to have anxiety attacks every now and then and took xanax when needed. In the last few weeks my anxiety has become worse and xanax wasn't helping at all. So I go to my dr and she prescribed me Buspar. Has anyone taken this? I never heard of it. I've been researching it and so many people have different opinions about it. 

Any info that you all know would be awesome. Thanks! Buspar?Just got prescribed Fluoxetine, only 10mg a day, but the (fucking massive) list of side effects says that I shouldn't drive while taking it, and since I have my driving test in a few weeks I don't want to do anything that'll make me more likely to fuck it up. I'm guessing it's not really an issue, but I figured it was worth checking anyway before I start taking it?Prozac and driving?So I have a bit of drama happening in my life right now and I've come to the realization that my attachment issues are the sole cause of all of it.

I feed off of the acceptance of someone I am intimate with and when it doesn't work out, my body goes into a panic. Normally I'd just accept that I'm going to be sad for a bit and keep rolling, but this time it's worse than usual.

I've almost completely lost my appetite. I've been averaging 1 meal a day ( my metabolism is rather quick, so normally I have 3 with a couple snacks). I can see myself losing weight. It's been about 5 days, so I'm starting to think that this might be a problem.

I'm forcing down some snack food my work place provides, but I hold back dry heaving when I swallow. Anyone dealt with this before? Any solutions?
Getting Over Attachment IssuesHonestly. How did you get through high school with minimal to no anxiety? I worry of failing classes even though Im passing everything. Thanks in advance. Please no sad stories. I'm just looking for some advice. Sad stories can cause triggers for me. Need some adviceI'll make a long story short. Very recently I've been feeling really anxious and uncertain of what to do next in life. About 6 weeks ago, my then boyfriend broke up with me for absolutely no reason(I lost my virginity to him so it made me feel much more broken than I normally would)
I also found out the guy who signed my birth certificate is not my biological father and the man who actually is my biological father wants absolutely nothing to do with me. My mother abandoned me when I was 16 so I've pretty much been alone ever since. There's been so much rejection of me for the past couple of weeks and I feel like it's bearing too much. Does any of this make sense? Any advice on getting over all of this? Thanks. Does this make any sense?I'm sure it's normal, but I hate it. Some little thing will make me anxious, I start getting more and more worked up, and feel sick to my stomach. I've never actually thrown up from it, but I feel like I could every time. What can I do to calm down? It's just a viscous cycle of getting worked up, feeling sick, and now I'm even more worked up because I feel sick.I work myself up, sometimes over nothing, and make myself feel sick.And how does your anxiety play into it? And how in the hell did you muster up the strength to get it?What do you all do for work?well i have finally decided to doing something about my depression and anxiety , after losing 6-7 years of my 20s staying inside, afraid to leave home or change my life. I told my GP about my anxiety and he prescribed Paxil. I would love to get counseling etc but my insurance doesn't pay for it but it will pay for this. I'm a bit nervous about Paxil because I read about the study.. Also I'm worried about the side effects like weight gain, and withdrawals like "brain zaps" and not being able to quit because of the withdrawals..Am I making the right decision to take this?
Before I was prescribed Lexapro and Citaphorlam which I didn't take because I was first talked out of it by family , then I got nervous the second time around. I'm very scared..I was prescribed paxil.. i'm a bit nervous about taking itu/mr-magoo-phd5m
I am so annoyed with this fear that ive started to believe im actually insane. Ive been dealing with this for the last 8 weeks. I worry about hearing and seeing things, and i also feel extremely weird around people, like everyone thinks im insane and wont tell me. I feel terrible when im out in public because im worried ill lose touch with reality and do something bizzare. I constantly hear my name, especially when theres background noise. I am not sure if its an intrusive thought or psychosis. Being outside makes me feel so uncomfortable, im not sure how im managing to go to work.

Funny thing is that I work in mental health which makes me wonder why im so scared. I support people who have psychosis/ schizophrenia and they are no different to an an every day person, you wouldnt even know they had psychosis/schizophrenia unless you asked them.

I guess i just needed to rant. Wonder if anyone else is dealing with this and would like to chat?Fear of losing my mindI'm 22 and I need to get my license like now. I've been driving on and off for 4 years and I've taken and failed the test twice. 

I have terrible anxiety about driving but I also get incredibly anxious about tests in general so it's not a great combination. 

I'm so frustrated about not being able to drive but the last time I tried to take the test I had a melt down in the parking portion and failed.

My little sister will be turning 16 in less than a month and it would be nice if I could at least make some kind of progress before she takes it.

Any tips or suggestions? I desperately beeef a way to stop freaking out.How To overcome Driving anxiety?I love the taste of coffee, but like most of us I get anxious and very uncomfortable if I drink it. I wanted to know if decaffeinated coffee would be ok to drink. Is decaf ok to drink?I have a physical tomorrow morning which includes a fasting blood test and I'm terrified. I've passed out 2 out of 7 times of getting blood drawn, so I'm definitely improving, but the fear is still there. 

I've also been dealing with so many weird physical symptoms and I'm afraid something is really wrong with me. Weird tingling/numbness, back and neck pain, cold arms when exercising, chest pains....

I started Lexapro 10 mg again and have been on it for 3ish weeks. Things are slowly getting better, but I can't shake the feeling that they're gonna find something wrong that's not just anxiety. Anyone else freak about about blood tests? I'm terrified for my annual physical tomorrow.He has obsessive thoughts, but not compulsions. Or maybe it is anxiety. I don't know. What I mean is, he can't stop thinking/ worrying about something and he just shuts down. Punishments, rewards, reasoning, and various other parenting methods make no difference. 
 
His school textbooks had some folded pages, nicks on the cover, and a few marks. They were not in bad condition, just used, same as all the other students' books. He could not do his bookwork, as the books were so offending to him. Had to actually buy him new textbooks. 
 
Today he was reading me a book and there was a sentence that said '...without my knowing it.' He immediately became upset. 'It should say 'without me knowing it'' he demanded. Then he read a few more pages shaking uncontrollably with tears in his eyes. He finally threw the book at me and begged me to read aloud to him the offending sentence with his word substituted in so he could 'stop thinking about it.' 
 
He is physically repulsed by stickers. If you put a sticker on him, he reacts how most would react if you put a spider them. He doesn't know why. He understands that a sticker won't hurt him.
 
I am only writing three examples because this is already too long, but there are many, many more. His speech and motor skills are on par with other kids his age (12). He doesn't seem to have any physical or learning disabilities. Also, he has bad days and good days. He obsesses and worries about some things and not about others. I can't really find a pattern. I just want to help him. 
 
He was diagnosed with ADHD and put on concerta, but that made him worse! I am wondering if anyone has shared in this experience and what helped for you?
AnxietyHope this is the right space for this, I've been stewing for 24 hours and i want to tell people who might sympathise. I'm sure we've all felt anxiety about a message from someone who we don't regularly talk to. Or perhaps you don't like to check replies to your comments, for fear they are negative.  
  
Well last night I decided to have a peek at my (abandoned) Facebook account. Not a lot going on there. But I see I have a message request. A message from "Nina Carter". Who is that? I don't know. But "she" seems to know me. She has use my name, the shortened version, and the same with my son. The message reads "hi slightly_annoying, thought this would help with (son)" and a link to a website about fetal alcohol syndrome.  
  
As a bit of a back story, my son has some issues pertaining to his concentration, he has Central Auditory Processing disorder and some of the symptoms seem like he is on the spectrum, not sure if CAPD is actually considered spectrum. But looking through the symptoms of FAD I can see some similarities.  
  
But what the fuck. Who messages that to someone they know, but uses a fake name and blocks me so I can't reply? Why would you essentially suggest "oh hey your kid is probably brain damaged because you drunk while pregnant" (I didn't fwiw)?  
  
I just... I'm so upset that someone has gone out of their way to what. Help me? Why the fake name and blocking then? It just seems like an attempt to upset me. So now of course ive been racking my brain wondering who would do that. It's not like I tell everyone I know about our personal lives.  
  
I feel so sick about it. What's the point of having friends if they can hurt me like this? No wonder I don't use much social media anymore! The dreaded unread messageSo I've been with my bf (now, fiancee I guess) for almost 8 years. We spontaneously decided last weekend to just go and get married on Halloween at the courthouse (~ 2 weeks from now). We're both really excited and have wanted to get married for a while but just never got around to it. Here's the thing though... we're not telling anyone, including our parents, until after. We have a couple reasons for this.

We're worried that our parents would try to talk us into doing a bigger ceremony. I really don't want a wedding for reasons that are probably obvious to anyone with anxiety, especially being the bride. There's so much planning and stress. I have terrible social anxiety and can't fathom people looking at me and having to talk to a bunch of people. It's incredibly overwhelming just to imagine. He's not very keen on weddings either. He was a wedding videographer in the past and has grown to dislike the redundancy of all the little ceremonial traditions. Also, weddings are EXPENSIVE and if we waited around to get married when we had the money, we'd just never end up doing it. Lastly, we don't want anyone's feelings to get hurt by forgetting to invite them or being unable to invite them because of affordability.

I'm pretty sure our friends will totally understand and be super happy for us. They're like our other family and we're all really close. However, I'm SUPER worried about how our parents will take it. Just thinking about it stresses me out so much that I get insane butterflies in my stomach, along with nausea. The skin on my chest has broken out into a crazy rash, which only happens to me during extreme stress. And I stay awake for hours at night thinking about it.  

My mom has told me before that she would be upset if we didn't have a wedding and that thought just keeps weighing on my mind. I'm sure his mom will probably be upset too since her only other child got married in a courthouse as well. I know I only have to wait like 2 more weeks before we can tell them and I can feel some relief but right now it's really harshing my mellow, for lack of a better phrase.

Has anyone been in a situation like this? How did you deal with it? Any advice?

**TL;DR - Getting married to my bf of 8 years in secret so we don't have to have a big wedding that neither of us wants. I'm anxious about telling our parents after the fact, and how they'll react.**anxious about telling my parents i'm getting marriedUgh. I just want to feel good again.

I'm going to try taking 25mg of zoloft in the morning, then 50mg at night. Hopefully that does the job.I had a lucid dream where my social anxiety was gone. Why did I have to wake up?I need to sleep right now. Im going to see people I havnt seen in a while tomorrow. What will they think of me. Why havnt some of my friends asked how im getting out there etc, how will I get out there? Do I drive myself? Damn I wish I never said yes. I think it's just these people in particular that im nervous about because going out tomorrow night(different group) im not nervous about and looking forward too. Why am I so retardedWishing you never said yes to plans the day before.Ok so about a month ago I withdrew from a class at school that was causing me a ton of grief. I was spending hours of my free time on homework that was not supposed to take that long, and coming out of the class each day basically in tears. I spoke to the chairperson of the department and he helped me to make a small change to my major that allowed me to drop the class and still be able to graduate on time next semester. I felt like there was a weight lifted off my shoulders. I have much more time now and am less stressed. Fast forward to now, and for some reason my mind has doubts I made the right decision, even though I KNOW the decision was good for my well being. Any tips on getting what I know to deep down to override the anxious thoughts?decision anxietyAfter about a year, it came back, and I thought It was gone for good. In front of my family too, and now I feel like a massive pussy, I fucking hate this. I still feel terrified, and currently i'm kinda hugging my knees while typing this :/
  
My family doesn't believe in these kinds of mental disorders, and attributes in to weakness, so I just wanted to let this out.
    
So, how was your day? What strategies do you guys have to tell anxiety to fuck off? Mine was to concentrate really hard on a task, but obviously that didn't work.Just had my biggest Panic attack In years, Damaged my hand.Hey Guys, I'm currently feeling incredibly anxious. There's a lot of factors which are making me feel this way: but it's a lot of thoughts on the world and my life. Can you guys cheer me up? Or even just tell me tips to get out of my situation? Thanks for your helpHelp me out?I won't launch into my particular situation. I'm just curious to hear from people with health anxiety about illnesses they have long term that they think could be anxiety based. I have very much noticed that when I fixate on something that it can really get worse and bother me long term. Things that should be small grievances turn into long term issues. People who suffer with health anxiety, how many medical issues have plagued you long term that you think there is a possibility you've entirely imagined or made up?sorry if this is a mumblecore wall of text, or just nonsense. feeling pretty wavy at the moment and i guess i just need to type it all down to get it out into the open.

So, a quick bit of background about me (btw, totally a throw-away, because.. anxiety)
- anxiety i think started when i got diagnosed with IBS (which i had for ages before going to the doctors, because i was scared what the results could have been), had it for a few years now when i left my job to go freelance. probably brought on by the stress of it. but my tolerances have slightly changed recently, which is absolute bullshit. I've never gone to talk to anyone about my anxiety, because when i feel good, i feel really good, but when i feel bad i convince myself that i'm making it sound worse than it is, and i'll be feeling like a burden. IBS is (excuse me) shit. sometimes i feel no rhyme or reason for an attack. the sum of anxiety and IBS has pretty much killed all of my friendships (i'm not really open about what my body does), which is a pretty upsetting feeling.

So, had been feeling pretty good recently - apart from my food tolerances shifting (see ya later dairy, you havoc bastard.). Getting a lot more freelance contracts and jobs, planning a wedding with my fiance and generally having a fun dog to spend my days with when i'm working from home. It all came crashing down on monday.. my first day working from home in a few weeks, so i needed to send off an invoice, quote for a couple of jobs and send a treatment to a company to pitch for a pretty cool contracted role. BANG. doing all 3 of those in the space of a day really fucked with my mind. looking through old work convincing myself i was shit, convincing myself that the company who i was sending an invoice to would say my work wasn't good enough and that they weren't going to pay me, and thinking that the quote i sent across would get laughed at for being too high &amp; i'd miss out on the work.

i sent my emails and just forced myself to turn my computer off, leave the house and walk the dog for an hour or so. i hated it. absolutely hated it. it was a cold-ish day, but i was sweating buckets from feeling anxious. my eyes were cloudy and jolty so i was just in a weird daze the whole time. my stomach was in knots and i pretty much drained my battery from constantly refreshing my emails with a poor phone signal (just waiting for the rejection emails to come through, i guess.. like playing russian roulette with an email. i didn't want to get a reply, but i was torturing myself by checking for one)

this all sounds really dumb, being anxious over pitching for work.

so, since monday i've actually had approval for the pitch and the quote, and an a-ok on the invoice payment (great).. but now i feel really dumb about myself for getting into a state and living in a black hole for 3 days.

my fianc  is beyond supportive and will do everything humanely possible to fill me up with positivity and confidence.. but of course, the mind always wins.

is it normal to be anxious when things are going well? i feel like a dumb dumb for thinking it, especially when there's so much crap and nonsense going on for people in waay worse situations.

there is way more, but this wall is getting to big and waffly.

cheers.xanxious when things are going well? (getting it off my chest)Hi there, not sure if this is the right place to post this but i need to post my feelings and thoughts somewhere. Brief history, suffered from mood swings, anxiety attacks and depression caused by said problems for my entire life. around 4 years ago mid way through uni degree i started seeking professional, medicated help (UK based for reference), but only about two years ago did i start to take it seriously. i was put on two medications, one for daily use and one for when i had panic attacks. the medication totaly transformed my life and evend out my moods. my depression lifted, and life was going good. a few months back, i was in a bad place and taking the panic attack medication daily, i suffered a messy breakup and was struggling with work, i was signed off for two weeks, my daily medication was increased and everything is fine now with regards to attacks and such.

but let me lay out the real problems i now face. on one the one hand, my medication and medicated state is great. i've never had better releations with friends, family and work. i don't struggle to get out of bed in the mornings, i dont have violent mood swings of highs to lows and i for the first time in my life feel better in myself. i dont hear the voices in my head telling me im worthless every day now which is amazing.

... however there are serious downsides to this state. for starterse, i no longer feel...connected to the world. a lot of the issues come down to the fact that because i use to feel things so vividly unmedicated, everything nowadays feels grey and bland. when i enjoy things or am happy, its no longer that level of joy i use to feel. when i feel sad, i dont really get bothered by it because i can just rationalise it out. 

i also no longer feel as driven by things. i work to progress, but i have no rush. i took an easy job because i know its right for me, and i'm comfortable there but not challanged. im currently saving money but dont really go many places because i live in the middle of nowhere. i never use to be particularly competative regards to things ,but nowadays i just dont see a point in it unless there is some reward for it. 

my creativity took a big hit to in different ways. on the one hand, the mediication allows me to accept the fact i will never create something truly origional which was my previous big writers block because every idea i use to have i instantly discarded because i could connect it to other things.  however, with the medication now i find it harder to get those creative spikes that i use to have. 

tl:dr i am now medicated, best place in my life with regards to other people, but in myself i feel like a ghost in a shell of a person. i no longer find the joy in life, but neither the negatives. life is just life now. which really, honestly, sucks.After a lifetime of anxiety and depression related to said anxiety, i am now on medication for it. my life is better in so many ways, but i feel i'm loosing touch with who i really am.HI there, I'll get into it fast. Past few years I've had some serious anxiety and stressed, with some spells of depression (not horrible) this is caused by some physical medical conditions I got I'm 2013. I've been very isolated, don't go out like ever, don't talk to many friends, don't work or study due to it all.


I've always masturbated a lot too, like 3 times a day. I only upped it to 3 when I got sick. I feel like this needs to be added.


Anyway, I get thoughts sometimes, like gay thoughts (straight guy), or like sometimes I'll see a person and wonder what it'll be like to just beat this person up, or destroy a car. These thoughts cause me great distress and because I stress and worry about it it makes it so much worse.

I feel like my anxiety coupled with other things just causes these normal thoughts to kind of trigger something and I make them into something unhealthy. I've posted this elsewhere but didn't get a response, so I'll try here :)

Thank you.Advice on dealing with festering thoughts and doubts?16, Male

Alright, I'll summarize some of this for ease.

- I'm a Christian, have been one for all my life.
- I started worrying about pentagrams as of 2 weeks ago as I had one on my Steam profile for about 2 months.
- The pentagram on my Steam profile is upside-down, worried that it would attract negative energy and demons or cause self-fulfilling prophecies and psychosomatic effects if not.
- Stopped listening to a certain song because I had its lyrics next to the pentagram.
- Stopped playing certain games because of a coincidence that happened.
- Tried to overcome these worries but I started to get aches and weird sensations (so I stopped doing the thing I was trying to do again, which was playing a game).

So, I'm worried that I have fuelled my worries too much and for too long. Some of these coincidences (or just patterns I have noticed) have made my worries worse. For example, I predicted an unlikely thing being in my activity feed for two things (not just one).

I have CBT every Thursday, usually, and have had it for about a month now (maybe longer) and I feel that despite my psychiatrist's great efforts I haven't been able to rationalize with this yet. I understand how mental filter works but I am still very anxious about these worries. I know it's best to stop behaving as if they're worth worrying about but it's been 2 weeks and I'm worried that listening to that song I stopped listening to would cause bad psychosomatic effects as I have fuelled the worry too much and for too long. Another example would be to play a game that I stopped playing because I feared that it got affected by pentagrams or whatever.

So yeah, please help me out with this. Thank you, and have a nice day. ;)Stopped listening to a certain song for 2 weeks, worried about self-fulfilling propheciesLike 70% of the time I'm anxious I don't know that I am until I've chewed my right cheek raw. Sometimes it take till I taste blood. Fun times I know. Just curious if anyone else does this.Anyone else chew the ever loving shit out of your cheek?I've always contemplated this, but when I was younger I was really shy. There's nothing wrong with that at all. It's who I was and I loved being her. Now fast forward to today, and my step moms family still makes fun of me for that. "Remember when we first met her and she barely said two words haha." They don't realize what effect this has on me every SINGLE time they say it. It blows my mind. 

So Reddit, why does society think it's okay to make fun of shy people? Society and shynessSo I have some very mild anxiety (a symptom of a different mental disorder) and I've had a few panic attacks before and during stressful times I have over anxious thoughts which come with the usual physical symptoms (tight chest, fast breathing, a little sweaty, etc). Recently though I've been only getting the physical symptoms without any anxious thoughts to go with them. Usually I think something like "I hope I'll have enough money this month since my hours got cut", cue the physical stuff and more anxious thoughts. But recently, I all of a sudden get all the physical stuff without any anxious thoughts. Just all of a sudden I have trouble breathing  and swallowing and and my heart beats fast and my chest feels tight and a I have knot in my stomach. And it's not like I have nothing to be anxious about, I mean don't we always? But no thought ever triggers it. Can someone help explain this? Should I be worried, or, haha anxious?Anxiety attacks without anxious thoughts?For those who are triggered by discussions of suicide, or by anxiety in general, you should probably not read below.
*****************
Let me preface this with an explanation. 
I do not have plans to commit suicide. 
I'm not sure if what I experienced was an anxiety attack. 
I occasionally get very emotional but it always passes and I am left with depressed thoughts. 
This time when I felt like it was going to happen again, I wrote my experience down so that I could perhaps gain some insight.
Everything below the divid was written in the moment.
In total, it was probably less than an hour from beginning to end.
I would appreciate it if somebody who has some experience with panic attacks could lend me their insight.
*****************

Occasionally I am gripped by a peculiar anxiety. One so strong, I can scarcely ponder its cause for long before averting my thoughts. It is, of course, the inevitability of my own death that I am speaking of. Accompanying it, is an intense feeling of aloneness. As though I am the only person to whom this reality is true.

Now, I could dig my feet in and point fingers. My parents are of the religious sort. To them, death is nothing but a curtain concealing a great, jolly ever-after much more improved and pleasurable than this one. 

Even from a young age, I felt that to be false. When I lay awake in the middle of the night, listening to the lonely car that would pass between hours, I knew that there was nothing but void beyond this. 

I cannot speak to anybody about this. They would laugh at me. But how can I not cry at this? How can I not be driven half-mad with my certainty? All other sensations pale and cower in the face of this pit. All revelations empty and without substance.

Why are we waiting at train stops? At bus stops? Idly watching tv? Do people not know that they're going to die? How can they ignore this?! How can they be unfeeling?!

I'm feel like I'm screaming. My soul in tatters, shredding in violent and unceasing anxiety. There is nothing but distractions from this. Everything is transparently meaningless. 

I feel completely alone in this. There is nobody I know who shares a similar anguish. Surely they would have been locked up, medicated, if they felt as strong as me.

It is possible that I am wrong in my feeling. That I am too attached to my consciousness. This is inevitable. Why fight it? Why fear it?

This is why I think suicide is the only real, meaningful concept worth contemplating. Because the only states are this and that-which-is-undeterminable, the only power is that of this and that-which-is-undeterminable.

My thought is that once you make the commitment. Once you decide. It all becomes easier. You either continue. Or you find someway out.

But what am I talking about? This anxiety will pass. I will 'get over myself'. I can exist in no other state in order to function in this life. I'll be alien to my own self again. A stranger in a rubbery skin suit. Distantly piloting my fleshy mass towards an inevitable end that I cannot hold in full comprehension.attack: Stream of consciousness recordBasically, my doctor suggested I try therapy for my anxiety. The problem is, every time I think about going to therapy, I get a surge of anxiety. I've been procrastinating on making the call, but I don't know why. 

Has anyone else had this problem? How do I just push through the feelings and go to my first appointment? Any tips or positive therapy stories would be great :) thanksAnxiety about therapy?So, I've been having super strange physical symptoms for about 5 months now. In May, I got a bad "tightness" and stabbing pain in the left side of my chest - fully thought I was having heart issues. I went to the ER for it but they did some tests and said it was probably stress or anxiety. 

A few weeks later I went to a cottage with my friends to celebrate the end of semester, and the symptoms worsened. I felt an overwhelming tightness and shortness of breath and ended up having a full blown panic attack. I didn't identify it as so at the time. 

Since then my symptoms have been getting weirder. The tightness and shortness of breath are gone but my left upper back has been really sore for the longest time, and I sometimes get what I assume are muscle pains there and in my chest/ribs. I also have this weird achy-numb feeling that runs down my left arm sometimes. I've also been getting occasional sharp headache pains as well as an odd, irregular "pulsing" sound in my ears sometimes (not my heartbeat).

My question is - is it possible that these are all from anxiety? I've had a couple of panic attacks in my life and am I generally anxious person, but these symptoms are making everything worse. I don't know whether my anxiety is causing them, or if they're causing my anxiety, you know? I often catch myself being a bit of a hypochondriac when it comes to these feelings. 

Any advice or similar stories would really help me out! Thanks xoWeird physical symptoms - are they from anxiety?I just want to sleep but my mind keeps racing like crazy. I had a tough day and got pretty stressed out and everything's flooding back all at once and it's driving me up the wall. I really just want it to stop but keep feeling more and more anxious, like I'm about to explode. I've been tossing and turning for almost 2 hours and it's only a matter of time before my roommate gets annoyed. God I just wish it could stop. My mind won't shut the hell up19 year old female here.

(some background for this topic) 
Everyone in my family agrees that my dad may have an undiagnosed anxiety disorder that he's negligent about. On top of this he has been into conspiracies/doomsday theories since I can remember. Our basment was fully stocked for Y2K and he believed that "something" would happen 2012. I get pretty scared at conspiracies and doomsday things nowadays, my mom just tells me I spend too much time on the computer and tells me to forget about it.

Lately however, I really really can't shake the feeling that the world is going to end in my lifetime. It's been bothering me so much that I haven't been able to fall asleep without trembling for a while and thinking every noise outside was either some crazy natural disaster or a missile or something. I fear death everyday and depressed that I'll never be able to have kids because if it doesnt end in my lifetime it will in theirs. Sometimes I even contemplate if I heard impending doom were to happen, would I just kill myself or wait until something kills me first? bottom line i feel like this is RUINING MY LIFE RIGHT NOW!!!

Please, i need any advice. Anything you use to convince yourself that theres hope, or even experiences you may have had like this. I am without insurance and seeing a therapist would cost me an arm and a leg, but I need coping mechanisms right now.Anxiety from conspiracies, doomsday, any tips?I moved half way across the country in May to be with my boyfriend of almost 6 years. I got a job before I moved out here and that job is strictly commission based pay. As much as I love the people I work with, the commission pay is making me go into a terrible anxiety attack at least once a week. Am I completely crazy thinking that I should switch jobs to ease my anxiety?! I'm on Paxil right now and most days I feel like it isn't even working. I'm just lost and confused right now. I really need some adviceSorry if this isn't allowed here. 

I suffer from social anxiety and I'm looking for a psychiatrist to start medication. I used to see a therapist but I always felt like I was treated like another paycheck to them. I want someone who I know others have had positive experiences with. I would appreciate the help.Can anyone recommend a psychiatrist in the Houston area?Does anyone relate to this? I feel like a state of somewhat anonymity really helps me.I feel much less anxiety behind a screen, than I do in real life.Hi, all. 20F here. I have a couple of weird moles that I'm getting checked out by my dermatologist in about two weeks. I made the mistake of googling melanoma about a week ago and I've been a mess ever since. I've already convinced myself that I have stage IV malignant melanoma and that I'm going to die in a year's time. I cannot stop picturing my family and SO having to continue on without me and it breaks my heart. I've been crying nonstop, everything feels hazy and I can't stop thinking about my impending doom. I can't get out of bed except to go to work. I can barely eat anything without being nauseous. I'm hyper-vigilant about any random pains in my body and assume that it's cancer that's spreading. My derm appointment feels so incredibly far away. I hate this. I just needed to vent, I'm sorry if this is incredibly jumbled. Severe health Anxiety is ruining my life I was watching the new Five Nights at Freddy's let's play by Markiplier with my brother and my chest pain got so bad because I was so scared. I am scared shitless by any chest pains and I already went to the ER a few weeks ago for anxiety chest pains. They told me it's probably not my heart but could fear cause chest pains without there being a serious problem with my heart? I am having a followup on Tuesday but this is freaking me out. Does anyone else get bad chest pain from anxiety, stress, or fear?DAE get serious chest pain when they are watching a scary movie/scary game let's play?. Thought i was going to have a heart attack. I feel lime crying now cause i keep thinking what if i start to have depersonilization and i turn schizophrenic. I have a head ache now and im dreading sleep. Im sick of intrusive thoughts. Im sick of all this. The body symptoms suck. I keep hoping that ill get betterVent. Ugh I hate have anxiety! went to a crossfit class and i had so much anxiety working out. I started thining i had a tumor in my head and it was probably going to explode. Thought i was going to have a heart attack.Isn't cuddling supposed to relax and calm me?Does anybody else's anxiety get worse after cuddling for a while?Hi all.

 So, uhh, I just discovered this subreddit after looking for hypochondria coping methods, and I'm hoping I can find some help.

 I've had this, whatever it is, for about two years now, though I've always had a problem with worrying. Since then, it's gotten slowly and progressively worse, to the point where now I stay up late trying to calm myself to sleep, and then have worries on my mind pretty much all day. It's always about my health, I have this irrational fear that I'm going to get cancer, or have a heart attack, or go brain dead, and be condemned either to nothingness or eternal fire, depending on the outcome. I do have a small support group; I have a great friend who's really good about listening and giving me reassurance, but he's in college now and is super busy. And I'm still at home, so I have my mother, who will let me talk and tell me it's okay. I'm getting into some sports like airsoft, which helps quite a bit, I'm also very religious, so I can pray, which does help some. Yet here I am, scared out of my wits that if I were to go to sleep, I'd never wake up, when I KNOW what I'm feeling right now is a combination of having been down with the flu for a few days, and physical symptoms of anxiety.

 I was prescribed citalopram about a year ago, and it helped, but maybe a little too well. Plus if I couldn't get a refill the withdrawal effects were terrible, and after about half a year my dosage got cut(I think originally it was 40mg, then I was given 20mg), and it didn't work at all. I want to set up an appointment with my doctor to talk about finding a therapist, but until then, how do I cope with this? How do I convince myself I'm not going to pass out and die just because my head feels light, or I have a headache, or I feel queasy?Hi. I have anxiety.Hi, sup, how's it going.

So lately i've been having a little problem with intrusive thoughts. I've been doing ACT and it's been helping a lot (Particularly over the past couple days), but i have a problem that when i see a particular "trigger"(?) i feel anxiety in the anticipation of the thoughts possibly occurring. This usually leads to one of two outcomes.

A) I create or allow an unpleasant thought to come in, hang out and leave.

B) I allow the anxiety to sit there. Usually no intrusive thought actually occurs, but the feeling of unpleasantness can stay there for a while. 

I don't have a problem with trying to out-logic the thought or anything, it's just the feeling. The underlying problem might be that i'm trying to avoid the thoughts, though. It's mostly just that the thoughts tend to be kinda gross and i'd rather not picture them.

Suggestions? 

Anxiety around anticipation of intrusive thoughts, but not the thoughts themselves?Hi friends... 
I have no idea where to post this, but I have been following this sub for some time and figured this may be an appropriate place.  It's basically summed up in the title, but I have been having serious issues regarding anxiety and sex.  I have been with my partner for 7+ years and this has never been an issue for me before.  I'd say about two years ago I noticed I became less enthusiastic about sex, but there was a lot going on in my life at the time so I played it off to that: moving to a new place, a new job.. then subsequently I got pregnant and married all in about a year and a half two years.  My sex life has basically been nonexistent during this period of time and it's 100% my fault.  I'll be honest.. I have absolutely no sex drive anymore.  I'd be happy if the topic was never brought up again .. but my partner is suffering because of this.  He has desires and just the thought of doing anything sexual makes me so anxious.  I have tried to push through it on several occasions, but I either break down in the middle of it, noticeably feel like shit after it or just barely make it through it without either of those things happening.  I can't remember the last time I have had sex because I wanted to.  

Why did this just start happening out of nowhere?  I know that there is a lot going on in my life, but is that enough to completely remove any sexual desires I had before?  I am so madly in love with my partner who I have been with for so long, but my sexual anxieties are putting a strain on our relationship.   Has anyone else had any experience with sexual anxiety?  I'm not sure what I'm even asking, but any advice would be appreciated.  

Thank you.I'm having anxiety related to sex with my long-term partnerI got home about 2 1/2 hours ago.  Tonight I was supposed to clean (the exterminator is coming tomorrow) and then study for an important certification exam that I have on Monday.  I also have to get up a little earlier than usual for work tomorrow, so I needed to do everything early and go to bed early, especially since I haven't been feeling 100% this week, and I really don't want to get sick.  I'm so anxious about this exam that I have on Monday that even starting to study is too stressful.  I also have not cleaned up my room.  I'm getting tired and starting to get a sore throat again. But every time I think about starting to clean and study, I get super anxious and go get something to eat.  (I also struggle with overeating/binge eating).  

I just hate this.  Anxiety is going to ruin my life.  Look at me.  I'm going to be exhausted tomorrow because I stayed up too late tonight, and I won't even be able to come home right away to study or even nap because of the exterminator.  Why does this paralyze me?  This happens even with simple homework assignments.  Thanks to anyone who read this.  I'm just unhappy and not really sure how to fix my life.  Paralyzed by anxietyAs the title suggests, human interaction is definitely not something I'd consider myself acquainted with. I have trouble doing things like making friends because of the amount of fear I have over opening up to others. People know very little about me because of how I'll refuse to tell them about myself out of me being afraid that they'll judge me. 

For example, when in public, despite the fact that I'm wearing ear buds, I'll still never turn up what I'm listening to to a volume higher than three, four at most. I'll look around to see if there's anyone nearby me before shuffling through my playlist and if there is, I won't do it,  and if there isn't, I'll bury my phone into my face and cover half of the screen up hoping someone won't walk by and see the title of the song I'm listening to. It sounds like a stupid thing to be afraid of, but my anxiety over being made fun of by the people around me is so great that I'm not willing to take any chances.

When having a conversation and ask me about the things I like, I rarely ever answer with anything more than, "I don't know". I have trouble doing things like eating in public because of how I'm worried that people will think that I eat like a pig, and even something as minor as *sneezing* makes me nervous due to me being concerned that I'll end up being too loud and attracting a lot of attention to myself.

I constantly think everyone around me is out to mock me for whatever reason. Whenever someone smiles at me, especially guys my age, I immediately become paranoid that the only reason they're doing so is because they find the way I look or dress amusing. After being mocked by teenage boys as much as I have, I kind of started assuming that they all hate me, or are at least judging me. 

I despise feeling this way. I want to be able to tell people about myself without having to cover up with a bunch of lies just so people won't avoid me. But no matter how hard I try, nothing I do can convince me to be myself and not be afraid of what others are thinking without assuming that the whole world is making fun of me. I just want to live a life where I don't feel ashamed or nervous about everything I do, but I can't.I can't do anything without feeling at least somewhat anxious about it.I just got switched from 15mg of Lexapro to 100mg of Zoloft 3 days ago because the Lexapro had been giving me suicidal thoughts. The switch has been rough, suicidal thoughts are gone, but my anxiety is spiking so I've been having to take a .5mg of Ativan in the morning with the Zoloft to even be able to function. 

Today I had one at 11am and was good all day. I just got promoted to a manager at my job (yay!) and toward the end of my 7 hour shift (10 hours since I had the Ativan) my boss wanted to show me how to do something, but I could feel my anxiety ramping up bad. I started to sweat, felt like i was going to throw up, pace around, and was very anxious so I swallowed my guilt and had another benzo and did a great job leaning the new stuff he showed me and didn't freak out 

I just feel like a failure because I needed 2 tonight. For a while I was getting away with only having them every few weeks, then for the past 2 weeks (been rough with the suicidal thoughts and the med change) I had been taking only 1 a day, have never had 2 before. I'm just so scared to be hooked on these forever but my anxiety gets so bad I need them in times like this. 

Should I feel like a failure? Kind of beating myself up bad right now about it I had to have 2 benzos tonight for the first time ever, I feel like a failure nowI recently started working at Party City as seasonal associate and I'm having extreme anxiety with this job. Every day I work I'm extremely anxious and it's all I can think about. Any help? Retail job anxietyThis is weird, I guess.  I'm using a throwaway because the last thing I need is for them to (for some reason,) comment on here.

My memory is kinda shit.  I do well in school and all, but recalling events is kinda hard to me.

A few, however, I know like the back of my hand and have had other friends confirm them!  I am very defensive of these since I have a hard time connecting memories to my self at all.

Anyway, I was recounting the events over my sixth (seventh?) grade year of a shit teacher.  Someone asked if I actually deserved it (in a round about way.  Maybe some day I'll link it, maybe some of you know what I'm talking about, who knows.)

I got pretty defensive about it, since the events that took place caused my anxiety and general disdain for school according to the first therapist i ever saw.  These memories are important as I can connect them to myself and have confirmation they happened.

I feel like I just made it worse and I just want to delete my main account and its making me want to cry.  I have never felt this anxious over something I posted on reddit (I really love the sub I posted it on and I really don't want to be questioned more on memories I *know* happened.)

The person already got upvoted almost as much as my original post did.  I know it's probably stupid to get so defensive over my memory since only I know what actually happened and they're just strangers, but *-sigh-* I just can't explain it.

I hope this is an okay post for here.DAE get overly defensive when it comes to their memories?Ok so I have been sick for almost a week now.  It started with a bad cold that started to get better then I got hit with a flu.  I've been in bed for 3 days now and finally started slightly improving today.  Anyway, I haven't had a bowel movement since Sunday evening and I decided to do an at home enema.  It got some out, but then I started freaking out about that it says not to use if having nausea and stuff or dehydrated.. I haven't been drinking a ton of water the last 2 days so now I'm scared that something bad is going to happen since I used the enema when sick and possibly dehydrated.  My pee is pretty clear but still, I am freaking out.  Someone please reassure me that I'm ok &gt;.&lt; 
I hate having health anxiety!!!Panic attack, please help :(